SULFONAMIDE DERIVATIVES, COMPOSITIONS COMPRISING SAME AND USES THEREOF IN THE TREATMENT OF CANCERS CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION [0001] The present application claims priority to Japanese patent application JP 2020- 219884 filed on December 29, 2020, which content is incorporated herein in its entirety. FIELD OF THE INVENTION [0002] The invention relates to the field of cancer treatment, and more particularly to the use of sulfonamide derivatives having inhibitory activity against hTERT-RdRP for the treatment of cancers, including intractable solid cancers and stem cells cancer. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0003] Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT) is expressed at high levels in more than 90% of human cancers, whereas its expression level is extremely low in normal cells. Thus, hTERT has been considered as an extremely promising molecular target for the development of anticancer agents. However, although many efforts have been invested worldwide over the past 20 years in developing telomerase inhibitors as anticancer agents and to introduce them into clinical practice, these efforts have been vain since no such anti-cancer compounds have been approved yet. [0004] As the name suggests, hTERT was identified as RNA dependent DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase or RT). After that, it was predicted that hTERT is closely related to RNA dependent RNA polymerase (RdRP) rather than RT in terms of genetic phylogenetic tree analysis and structural biology (Nakamura et al., Science, 1997, 277:955-959). [0005] It is only in 2009 that mammalian RdRP was identified and that it was shown that hTERT has an RdRP activity, Maida et al. reporting that hTERT has RdRP activity in addition to RT activity (Nature 2009; 461 :230-235). In subsequent studies, it was found that, due to a complex completely different from the telomerase reverse transcriptase complex synthesized in the S phase, hTERT guarantees RNA dependent RNA Polymerase (RdRP) activity specifically in the M phase, and hTERT-RdRP is involved in maintaining the function of cancer stem cells (Okamoto N. et al., PNAS, 2011 , 108: 20388- 20393; Maida Y. et al., Mol. and Cell. Biol., 2014, 34: 1576-1593). [0006] Prior to the present invention, nobody considered that RdRP could be a target for cancer therapy for different reasons, including the fact that there was no clear evidence of mammalian RdRP. Even if there was a mammalian RdRP, nobody thought that hTERT was a catalytic component for RdRP enzymatic activity. Also, even if hTERT exhibits RdRP activity, hTERT was thought to be only involved for the telomere maintenance by hTERT-RT. Furthermore, the function of RdRP was unclear. Indeed, as described above, RdRP activity is still not inhibited by conventional telomerase inhibitors targeting hTERT- RT because the complex that guarantees RT activity and the complex that guarantees RdRP activity are different. [0007] Therefore, there is still an urgent need for effective hTERT-RdRP inhibitors for the treatment of cancers, particularly intractable solid cancers and stem cells cancer. [0008] WO 2001/00579 describes compounds that modulate the PPAR gamma receptor for the treatment lipid-related diseases and diabetes. WO 2001/05793 describes sulfonamide derivatives for the treatment of depression, diabetes, obesity and CNS disorders. [0009] The following particular benzenesulfonate compound has been described for many therapeutic uses: [00010] For instance, that particular compound has been described in WO 2005/033074 for treating diabetes and it has been described in WO 2020/205025 and WO 2021/076616 for treating non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD). [00011] That molecule has also been described in WO 2020/243058 for treating cancer, and it has been described in WO 2018/035446 for the treatment of blood cancers, including leukemia and myeloma. However, these two international PCT patent publications describe the molecule as a PPAR gamma inhibitor and neither of them describe using that compound as an inhibitor of human telomerase, let alone suggest its uses as an effective hTERT-RdRP inhibitor for the treatment of intractable solid cancers and/or stem cells cancers. [00012] As such there is still an important medical need for anticancer agents and more particularly for hTERT-RdRP inhibitors. There is also a need for pharmaceutical compounds and pharmaceutical compositions that are effective against intractable solid cancers and stem cells cancer. There is also a need for pharmaceutical compounds and pharmaceutical compositions that are effective for suppressing tumor cell proliferation. There is further a need for pharmaceutical compounds and pharmaceutical compositions that are effective against one or more of liver cancer, pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer, colon cancer, stomach cancer, renal cancer glioblastoma and sarcoma. [00013] The present invention addresses these needs and other needs as it will be apparent from the review of the disclosure and description of the features of the invention hereinafter. BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION [00014] According to one aspect, the invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of a cancer, the composition comprising a compound of Formula (I), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof: wherein R 1 and R 2 are each independently a halogen atom, and m and n are each independently an integer between 0 - 3; and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier or excipient. [00015] According to another aspect, the invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of a cancer, the composition comprising a compound of Formula (I) as defined herein, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and at least one of gemcitabine and capecitabine. [00016] According to another aspect, the invention relates to the use of a compound of Formula (I) as defined herein, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, for the treatment of cancer. [00017] According to another aspect, the invention relates to a method for suppressing tumor cell proliferation, comprising contacting cancer cells with a compound of Formula (l)as defined herein, or with a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. [00018] According to another aspect, the invention relates to a method for the treatment of a cancer, comprising administering to a subject in need thereof a compound of Formula (I) as defined herein, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. [00019] In embodiments, the compound of Formula (I) is represented by Formula (la) as defined herein, or it is represented by one of the following formulas (RK-X), (RK-Y) or (RK-Z) as defined herein. [00020] Additional aspects, advantages and features of the present invention will become more apparent upon reading of the following non-restrictive description of preferred embodiments which are exemplary and should not be interpreted as limiting the scope of the invention. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE FIGURES [00021] For the invention to be readily understood, embodiments of the invention are illustrated by way of example in the accompanying figures. [00022] Figure 1 is a panel with line graphs demonstrating inhibition of hTERT-RdRP activity by compounds RK-X, RK-Y, and RK-Z, in accordance with Example 1. [00023] Figure 2 is a panel with line graphs demonstrating inhibition by compound RK-X of proliferation of liver cancer cells and no inhibition in normal cells, in accordance with Example 2. [00024] Figure 3A is a panel showing a photomicrograph of subcutaneous tumors developed in NOD/SCID mice treated with compound RK-X or with a control vehicle, in accordance with Example 3. [00025] Figure 3B is a line graph demonstrating inhibitory effect of compound RK-X on hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth treated with 30 mg/kg (P = 0.0066) or 60 mg/kg (P = 0.0073) of the compound, in accordance with Example 3. [00026] Figure 3C are bar graphs demonstrating inhibitory effect of compound RK-X on hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth treated with 30 mg/kg (P = 0.0066) or 60 mg/kg (P = 0.0073) of the compound, in accordance with Example 3. [00027] Figure 3D is a panel with a gel image (left side) and a bar graph (right side) demonstrating inhibitory effect of compound RK-X on RdRP activity in mice, in accordance with Example 3. [00028] Figure 4A is a panel with a gel image depicting RdRP activity of Panc-1 cell and Mia-Paca-2, in accordance with Example 4. [00029] Figure 4B are bar graphs demonstrating that Panc-1 cells (RdRP activity- H ig h) are more sensitive to compound RK-X than Mia-Paca-2 cells (RdRP activity-Low, in accordance with Example 4. CTR (DMEM) or CTR (DMSO) are control solutions without the compound RK-X. * : indicates p value< 0.05, ANOVA followed by Newman-Keul. ***: indicates p value<0.001 , ANOVA followed by Newman-Keul. [00030] Further details of the invention and its advantages will be apparent from the detailed description included below. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF EMBODIMENTS [00031] In the following description of the embodiments, references to the accompanying figures are illustrations of an example by which the invention may be practiced. It will be understood that other embodiments may be made without departing from the scope of the invention disclosed. Unless defined otherwise, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meaning as commonly understood by one of ordinary skill in the art to which the invention belongs. General overview [00032] The invention provides compounds, pharmaceutical compositions and uses thereof in the prophylaxis and/or treatment of cancers. [00033] Particularly, the present inventors have identified sulfonamide derivatives with antitumor activity, i.e. “anticancer agents” or “antitumor agents”. In embodiments, anticancer compounds and anticancer compositions in accordance with the invention are effective in at least one of: (i) inhibiting hTERT-RdRP [Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT)- RNA dependent RNA Polymerase (RdRP)]; (ii) targeting cancer stem cells; (iii) inhibiting cancer cells growth; (iv) suppressing tumor cell proliferation; (v) inhibiting RNA-dependent RNA polymerase(RdRPase) of cancer cells; and (vi) inhibiting cancer cells during DNA synthesis and replication. Anticancer compounds, pharmaceutical compositions and therapeutic uses [00034] One aspect of the invention concerns compounds, as well as pharmaceutical compositions and uses thereof, as anticancer agents. [00035] In one embodiment the compound is a sulfonamide compound of Formula (I), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof: wherein R 1 and R 2 are each independently a halogen atom, and m and n are each independently an integer between 0-3. [00036] In embodiments the compound of Formula (I) is a compound represented by the Formula (la): wherein R 1a , R 1b , and R 2a are each independently a halogen atom, and R 2b is a hydrogen atom or a halogen atom. [00037] In embodiments, the compound of Formula (I) is represented by one of the following Formulas (RK-X), (RK-Y) or (RK-Z): [00038] Compounds in accordance with the present invention can be used in either a free form or in the form of a “pharmaceutically acceptable salt”. Accordingly, the present invention encompasses pharmaceutically acceptable salts of any of the sulfonamide derivatives defined herein, including pharmaceutically acceptable salts of compounds of Formula (I), Formula (la), Formula (RK-X), Formula (RK-Y) and Formula (RK-Z). [00039] The compounds of the present invention and salts thereof can be produced by those skilled in the art using any suitable methods, including for instance the method described in international PCT publication WO 2001/00579 (e.g., Example 178, 180 etc.) [00040] Pharmaceutically acceptable salts of the compounds of the present invention include those derived from pharmaceutically acceptable inorganic and organic acids and bases. Examples of pharmaceutically acceptable salt include salts with inorganic acids include, but are not limited to, besylic acid salt (besylate), tosylic acid salt (tosylate) and mesylic acid salt (mesylate), hydrochloric acid salt, hydrobromic acid salt, sulfuric acid salt, phosphoric acid salt, and the like, salts with organic acids such as acetic acid salt, fumaric acid salt, oxalic acid salt, citric acid salt, methanesulfonic acid salt, benzenesulfonic acid salt, tosylic acid salt, maleic acid salt, and the like; salts with amino acids such as glycine salt, lysine salt, arginine salt, ornithine salt, glutamic acid salt, aspartic acid salt and the like; and the like. Examples of suitable salts are described in international PCT publication WO 2001/00579. [00041] It is also conceivable to use the compounds of the present invention the form of a “prodrug”. Design of prodrugs is within the ordinary skill in the art and has been described in the literature (e.g. “Development of Pharmaceuticals”, Vol. 7, Design of Molecules, p.163-198, Published by Hirokawa Shoten (1990)). [00042] Anticancer compounds and compositions in accordance with the present invention may provide substantial therapeutic benefits to subjects, particularly human subjects suffering, or susceptible to suffer, from a cancer or tumour. Therefore, delivering an anticancer compound in accordance with the present invention may have useful pharmaceutical applications in the prophylaxis and the treatment of cancers and related diseases in mammalian subjects, particularly human patients. [00043] Accordingly, one additional aspect of the invention concerns the use of an anticancer compound as defined herein, for the treatment of a mammalian subject in need thereof. The anticancer compound of the invention may be useful in: (i) inhibiting hTERT- RdRP [Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT)- RNA dependent RNA Polymerase (RdRP)]; (ii) targeting cancer stem cells; (iii) inhibiting cancer cells growth; (iv) suppressing tumor cell proliferation; (v) inhibiting RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRPase) of cancer cells; and (vi) inhibiting cancer cells during DNA synthesis and replication. [00044] The anticancer compounds and compositions of the present invention may potentially be used against various types of cancers, including intractable solid cancers and stem cells cancers. In embodiments the cancer is liver cancer, pancreatic cancer. In embodiments the cancer is ovarian cancer, breast cancer, colon cancer, stomach cancer, renal cancer, glioblastoma and sarcoma. In embodiments, the cancer is other than blood cancer. [00045] In embodiments, the compound of the present invention and related composition is not for use as a PPAR gamma (PPARy) inhibitor, nor for the treatment of diseases associated with inhibition of PPAR gamma activity. In embodiments, the anticancer compounds and compositions do not treat the cancer by inhibiting the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-y or PPARG). In embodiments, the compound of the present invention and the related pharmaceutical composition are not for the treatment of depression, diabetes, obesity or CNS disorders. In embodiments, the compound of the present invention and the related pharmaceutical composition are not for treating non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD). In embodiments, the compound of the present invention and the related pharmaceutical composition are not for treating cancers, e.g. blood cancers. [00046] The pharmaceutical compositions of the invention may be formulated in accordance to desired parameters such as dosage, the patient population, route of administration, etc. Examples of the pharmaceutical composition include, but are not limited to, tablet (including sugar-coated tablet, film-coated tablet, sublingual tablet, orally disintegrating tablet, buccal tablet and the like), pill, powder, granule, capsule (including soft capsule, microcapsule), troche, syrup, liquid, emulsion, suspension, controlled- release preparation (e.g., immediate-release preparation, sustained-release preparation, sustained-release microcapsule), aerosol, film (e.g., orally disintegrable film, oral mucosa- adhesive film), injection (e.g., subcutaneous injection, intravenous injection (e.g., bolus), intramuscular injection, intraperitoneal injection), intravenous drip infusion, transdermal absorption type preparation, ointment, lotion, patch, suppository (e.g., rectal suppository, vaginal suppository), pellet, nasal preparation, transpulmonary preparation (inhalant), eye drop and the like. Among these, the form of a pharmaceutical composition suitable for oral administration is preferred. [00047] "Pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, vehicle or excipient" refers to a diluent, adjuvant, excipient, carrier or drug delivery substance(s) with which a compound is administered. The term "pharmaceutically acceptable" refers to drugs, medicaments, inert ingredients, etc., which are suitable for use in treatment of a cancer in subjects (preferably mammals such as humans) without undue toxicity, incompatibility, instability, irritation, allergic response, and the like, commensurate with a reasonable benefit/risk ratio. It preferably refers to a compound or composition that is approved or approvable by a regulatory agency of the Federal or state government or listed in the U.S. Pharmacopoeia or other generally recognized pharmacopoeia for use in animals and more particularly in humans. [00048] Specific examples of pharmaceutically acceptable carriers include excipients (e.g., lactose, sucrose, D-mannitol, starch, cornstarch, crystalline cellulose, light anhydrous silicic acid etc.), lubricants (e.g., magnesium stearate, talc, colloid silica etc.), binders (e.g., crystalline cellulose, sucrose, D-mannitol, dextrin, hydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, polyvinylpyrrolidone, starch, sucrose, gelatin, methylcellulose, carboxymethylcellulose sodium etc.), disintegrant (e.g., starch, carboxymethylcellulose, carboxymethylcellulose calcium, sodium carboxymethyl starch, L-hydroxypropylcellulose etc.), and the like which be used for solid preparations. [00049] For liquid preparations, the pharmaceutically acceptable vehicle, carrier or excipient can be a solvent or dispersion medium containing, for example, water, ethanol, polyol (for example, glycerol, propylene glycol, and liquid polyethylene glycol and the like), suitable mixtures thereof, and vegetable oils. Additional examples of pharmaceutically acceptable vehicles include, but are not limited to: Water for Injection USP; aqueous vehicles such as, but not limited to, Sodium Chloride Injection, Ringer's Injection, Dextrose Injection, Dextrose and Sodium Chloride Injection, and Lactated Ringer's Injection; water- miscible vehicles such as, but not limited to, ethyl alcohol, polyethylene glycol, and polypropylene glycol; and non-aqueous vehicles such as, but not limited to, corn oil, cottonseed oil, peanut oil, sesame oil, ethyl oleate, isopropyl myristate, and benzyl benzoate. Additional examples of carriers, vehicle or excipients may include solubilizing agents (e.g., polyethylene glycol, propylene glycol, D-mannitol, benzyl benzoate, ethanol, triethanolamine, sodium carbonate, sodium citrate etc.), suspending agents (surfactants, for example, stearyl triethanolamine, sodium lauryl sulfate, lauryl aminopropionic acid, lecithin, benzalkonium chloride, glycerin monostearate and the like; hydrophilic polymers, for example, poly(vinyl alcohol), polyvinylpyrrolidone, carboxymethylcellulose sodium, methylcellulose, hydroxymethylcellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose and the like, etc.), isotonic agents (e.g., glucose, D-sorbitol, sodium chloride, glycerol, D-mannitol etc.), buffering agents (buffer solutions, for example, phosphate, citrate and the like, etc.), and soothing agents (e.g., benzyl alcohol etc.). Prevention of the action of microorganisms in the composition can be achieved by various antibacterial and antifungal agents, for example, parabens, chlorobutanol, phenol, ascorbic acid, thimerosal, and the like. In many cases, isotonic agents are included, for example, sugars, sodium chloride, or polyalcohols such as mannitol and sorbitol, in the composition. Prolonged absorption of injectable compositions can be brought about by including in the composition an agent which delays absorption, for example, aluminum monostearate or gelatin. Where necessary, preparation additives such as antiseptic (e.g., p-oxybenzoic acid esters, chlorobutanol, benzyl alcohol, sorbic acid etc.), antioxidant (e.g., sulfite, ascorbic acid, a-tocopherol etc.), colorant, sweetening agent, and the like may further be added. [00050] One particular aspect concerns the use of a therapeutically effective amount of one or more anticancer compound as defined herein for prophylaxis and/or treatment of cancer(s) in subjects. [00051] As used herein, the term "therapeutically effective amount" or “effective amount" means the amount of compound that, when administered to a subject for treating or preventing a particular disorder, disease or condition, is sufficient to effect such treatment or prevention of that disorder, disease orcondition. Dosages and therapeutically effective amounts may vary, for example, depending upon a variety of factors including the activity of the specific agent employed, the age, body weight, general health, gender, and diet of the subject, the time of administration, the route of administration, the rate of excretion, and any drug combination, if applicable, the effect which the practitioner desires the compound to have upon the subject and the properties of the compounds (e.g. bioavailability, stability, potency, toxicity, etc.), and the particular disorder(s), disease(s) or condition(s) the subject is suffering from. In addition, the therapeutically effective amount may depend on the severity of the disease state, or underlying disease or complications. Such appropriate doses may be determined using any available assays. [00052] In embodiments a dose of the compound according to the invention is about 0.1 to about 8000 mg in the case of oral administration (e.g., a dose of about 0.1 mg, about 0.5 mg, or about 1 mg, or about 5 mg, or about 10 mg, or about 50 mg, or about 100 mg, or about 500 mg, or about 1000 mg, or about 2500 mg, or about 5000 mg, or about 6000 mg, or about 7500 mg, or about 8000 mg). For example, when the compound is administered orally, the daily dose to an adult (body weight about 60 kg) may be about 1 to 8000 mg. A dose may be administered in 1 to 3 divided portions per day. When administered in the form of a sustained-release preparation, a dose may be administered every other day or at longer intervals (e.g., every 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 days). When the compound is administered parenterally, it is may be administered in the form of a liquid (e.g., intravenous injection). A single dose may be about 0.01 mg - about 100 mg per kg of body weight, preferably about 0.01 - about 50 mg, more preferably about 0.01 - about 20 mg. [00053] The active compound, i.e. anticancer compound, may be formulated prior to administration into pharmaceutical compositions using available techniques and procedures. Formulations of the anticancer compound may be prepared so as to provide a pharmaceutical composition in a form suitable for any route of administration such as oral administration, injections (e.g., subcutaneous, intramuscular, intrathecal, intravenous, intra-nasal), sublingual, buccal, rectal, vaginal, ocular, otic, nasal, inhalation (e.g., intratracheal, pulmonary), nebulization, cutaneous, and transdermal administration. In preferred embodiments the route of administration is oral or parenteral. It is conceivable that the anticancer compounds be formulated under the form of nanoparticles, liposomes or any other suitable controlled release system for a chronology delivery, an extended release, and/or a targeted delivery. [00054] Pharmaceutical compositions or formulations may, where appropriate, be conveniently presented in discrete dosage units and may be prepared by any of the methods well-known in the art of pharmaceutical formulation. All methods include the step of bringing together the active pharmaceutical ingredient(s) with liquid carriers or finely divided solid carriers or both as the need dictates. When appropriate, the above-described formulations may be adapted so as to provide sustained release of the active pharmaceutical ingredient. Sustained release formulations well-known to the art include the use of a bolus injection, continuous infusion, biocompatible polymers or liposomes. In preferred embodiments, the compositions according to the invention are formulated for oral administration. [00055] A pharmaceutical composition in accordance with the present invention may further comprise at least one of a hormonal therapeutic agent, a chemotherapeutic agent, an immunotherapeutic agent, a pharmaceutical agent inhibiting the action of cell growth factor, a pharmaceutical agent inhibiting the action of cell growth factor receptor. [00056] In embodiments the hormonal therapeutic agent is one or more of: fosfestrol, diethylstylbestrol, chlorotrianisene, medroxyprogesterone acetate, megestrol acetate, chlormadinone acetate, cyproterone acetate, danazol, allylestrenol, gestrinone, mepartricin, raloxifene, ormeloxifene, levormeloxifene, anti-estrogens (e.g., tamoxifen citrate, toremifene citrate), pill preparations, mepitiostane, testrolactone, aminoglutethimide, LH-RH agonists (e.g., goserelin acetate, buserelin, leuprorelin acetate), droloxifene, epitiostanol, ethinylestradiol sulfonate, aromatase inhibitors (e.g., fadrozole hydrochloride, anastrozole, retrozole, exemestane, vorozole, formestane), anti- androgens (e.g., flutamide, bicartamide, nilutamide, enzalutamide), 5*-reductase inhibitors (e.g., finasteride, epristeride, dutasteride), adrenocorticohormone drugs (e.g., dexamethasone, prednisolone, betamethasone, triamcinolone), androgen synthesis inhibitors (e.g., abiraterone), retinoid and drugs that retard retinoid metabolism (e.g., liarozole), thyroid gland hormone, and drug delivery system (DDS) preparations. [00057] In embodiments, the chemotherapeutic agent is one or more of an alkylating agent, a metabolic antagonist, an antitumor antibiotic, and a plant-derived antitumor drugs. [00058] In embodiments, the alkylating agent is one or more of nitrogen mustard, nitrogen mustard-N-oxide hydrochloride, chlorambutyl, cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide, thiotepa, carboquone, improsulfan tosylate, busulfan, nimustine hydrochloride, mitobronitol, melphalan, dacarbazine, ranimustine, estramustine phosphate sodium, triethylenemelamine, carmustine, lomustine, streptozocin, pipobroman, etoglucid, carboplatin, cisplatin, miboplatin, nedaplatin, oxaliplatin, altretamine, ambamustine, dibrospidium hydrochloride, fotemustine, prednimustine, pumitepa, ribomustin, temozolomide, treosulphan, trophosphamide, zinostatin stimalamer, adozelesin, cystemustine, bizelesin, and drug delivery system (DDS) preparations. [00059] In embodiments, the antitumor antibiotic is one or more of “actinomycin-D, actinomycin-C, mitomycin-C, chromomycin-A3, bleomycin hydrochloride, bleomycin sulfate, peplomycin sulfate, daunorubicin hydrochloride, doxorubicin hydrochloride, aclarubicin hydrochloride, pirarubicin hydrochloride, epirubicin hydrochloride, neocarzinostatin, mithramycin, sarcomycin, carzinophilin, mitotane, zorubicin hydrochloride, mitoxantrone hydrochloride, idarubicin hydrochloride, and DDS preparations thereof (e.g., doxorubicin-encapsulating PEG ribosome) can be used. [00060] In embodiments, the plant-derived antitumor drug is one or more of etoposide, etoposide phosphate, vinblastine sulfate, vincristine sulfate, vindesine sulfate, teniposide, paclitaxel, docetaxel, cabazitaxel, vinorelbine, and DDS preparations thereof can be used. [00061] In embodiments, the metabolic antagonist is one or more of mercaptopurine, 6-mercaptopurine riboside, thioinosine, methotrexate, pemetrexed, enocitabine, cytarabine, cytarabine ocfosfate, ancitabine hydrochloride, 5-FU drugs (e.g., fluorouracil, tegafur, UFT, doxifluridine, carmofur, 15 enzazepine 15 , 15 enzazep, capecitabine), aminopterine, nelzarabine, leucovorin calcium, tabloid, butocine, folinate calcium, levofolinate calcium, cladribine, emitefur, fludarabine, gemcitabine, hydroxycarbamide, pentostatin, piritrexim, idoxuridine, mitoguazone, thiazophrine, ambamustine, bendamustine, and DDS preparations thereof can be used. [00062] In embodiments, the immunotherapeutic agent is one or more of “picibanil, krestin, sizofiran, lentinan, ubenimex, interferons, interleukins, macrophage colony- stimulating factor, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, erythropoietin, lymphotoxin, BCG vaccine, Corynebacterium parvum, levamisole, polysaccharide K, procodazole, anti- CTLA4 antibody (e.g., ipirimumab, tremelimumab), anti-PD-1 antibody (e.g., nivolumab, pembrolimazab), and anti-PD-L1 antibody can be used. [00063] In embodiments, the pharmaceutical agent inhibiting the action of cell growth factor or pharmaceutical agent inhibiting the action of cell growth factor receptor is one or more of EGF inhibitor, TGFα inhibitor, haregulin inhibitor, insulin inhibitor, IGF inhibitor, FGF inhibitor, KGF inhibitor, CSF inhibitor, EPO inhibitor, IL-2 inhibitor, NGF inhibitor, PDGF inhibitor, TGFβ inhibitor, HGF inhibitor, VEGF inhibitor, angiopoietin inhibitor, EGF receptor inhibitor, HER2 inhibitor, HER4 inhibitor, insulin receptor inhibitor, IGF-1 receptor inhibitor, IGF-2 receptor inhibitor, FGF receptor-1 inhibitor, FGF receptor-2 inhibitor, FGF receptor-3 inhibitor, FGF receptor-4 inhibitor, VEGF receptor inhibitor, Tie-2 inhibitor, PDGF receptor inhibitor, Abl inhibitor, Raf inhibitor, FLT3 inhibitor, c-Kit inhibitor, Src inhibitor, PKC inhibitor, Smo inhibitor, ALK inhibitor, ROR1 inhibitor, Trk inhibitor, Ret inhibitor, mTOR inhibitor, Aurora inhibitor, PLK inhibitor, MEK(MEK1/2) inhibitor, MET inhibitor, CDK inhibitor, Akt inhibitor, ERK inhibitor, PI3K inhibitor and the like can be used. More specifically, anti-VEGF antibody (e.g., Bevacizumab, Ramucurumab), anti-HER2 antibody (e.g., Trastuzumab, Pertuzumab), anti-EGFR antibody (e.g., Cetuximab, Panitumumab, Matuzumab, Nimotuzumab), anti-HGF antibody (e.g., Imatinib, Erlotinib, Gefitinib, Sorafenib, Sunitinib, Dasatinib, Lapatinib, Vatalanib, Ibrutinib, Bosutinib, Cabozantinib, Crizotinib, Alectinib, Vismodegib, Axitinib, Motesanib, Nilotinib), 6-[4-(4- ethylpiperazine-1-ylmethyl)phenyl]-N-[1 l-phenylethyl]-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine-4- amine (AEE-788), Vandetanib, Temsirolimus, Everolimus, Enzastaurin, Tozasertib, phosphoric acid 2-[N-[3-[4-[5-[N-(3-fluorophenyl)carbamoylmethyl]-1 H-pyrazol-3- ylamino]quinazolin-7-yloxy]propyl]-N-ethylamino]ethyl ester (AZD-1152), 4-[9-chloro-7- (2,6-difluorophenyl)-5H-pyrimido[5,4-d] 16 enzazepinepin-2-ylamino]benzoic acid, N-[2- methoxy-5-[(E)-2-(2,4,6-trimethoxyphenyl)vinylsulfonylmethyl]phenyl]glycine sodium salt (ON-1910Na), Volasertib, Selumetinib, Trametinib, N-[2(R),3-dihydroxypropoxy]-3,4- difluoro-2-(2-fluoro-4-iodophenylamino)benzamide (PD-0325901 ), Bosutinib, Regorafenib, Afatinib, Idelalisib, Ceritinib, Dabrafenib and the like can be used. [00064] In embodiments, the pharmaceutical composition further comprises one or more of asparaginase, aceglatone, procarbazine hydrochloride, protoporphyrin-cobalt complex salt, mercuric hematoporphyrin-sodium, topoisomerase I inhibitors, topoisomerase II inhibitors, differentiation-inducing factors, angiogenesis inhibitors, a- blockers, bis phosphonic acid, thalidomide, lenalidomide, pomalidomide, 5 azacytidine, decitabine, proteasome inhibitor, NEDD8 inhibitor, UAE inhibitor, PARP inhibitor, antitumor antibodies, anti-CCR4 antibody, and an antibody drug complex. [00065] An additional related aspect relates to therapeutic methods (e.g. for treating a cancer) comprising administering a therapeutically effective amount of one or more anticancer compound or composition as described herein to a subject. The invention also encompasses methods, compounds, and pharmaceutical compositions for the treatment of a cancer in mammals including, but not limited to intractable solid cancers and stem cells cancer. In embodiment the cancer is any one of liver cancer, pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer, colon cancer, stomach cancer, renal cancer, glioblastoma and sarcoma. [00066] As used herein, the term “mammal”, “mammalian subject” or “mammalian cell” includes mammals and cells in which cancer treatment and/or tumor suppression is desirable. The term “subject” includes domestic animals (e.g. cats, dogs, horses, pigs, cows, goats, sheep), rodents (e.g. mice or rats), rabbits, squirrels, bears, primates (e.g., chimpanzees, monkeys, gorillas, and humans), wild animals such as those living in zoos (e.g. lion, tiger, elephant, and the like), and transgenic species thereof. Preferably, the mammalian subject is a human, more preferably a human patient in need of treatment. Even more preferably the mammalian subject is a human patient diagnosed or susceptible to suffer from a cancer or tumor. [00067] As used herein, the terms “treatment” or “treating” of a subject include one or more of administration of an anticancer compound or composition to a subject with the purpose of stabilizing, curing, healing, alleviating, relieving, altering, remedying, less worsening, ameliorating, improving, or affecting the disease or condition, the symptom of the disease or condition, or the risk of (or susceptibility to) the disease or condition. The term “treating” refers to any indication of success in the treatment or amelioration of an injury, pathology or condition, including any objective or subjective parameter such as abatement; remission; lessening of the rate of worsening; lessening severity of the disease; stabilization, diminishing of symptoms or making the injury, pathology or condition more tolerable to the subject; slowing in the rate of degeneration or decline; making the final point of degeneration less debilitating; or improving a subject’s physical or mental well-being. In one embodiment, the treatment method comprises administering to the subject a therapeutically effective amount of an anticancer agent or composition as defined herein. [00068] In embodiments, the term treatment encompasses “prophylaxis”, i.e. the compound or composition is administered for prevention of the onset of the disease (the whole pathology, or one or more pathologies), and delay of the onset of the disease. A “prophylactically effective amount” refers to a dose of the compound of the present invention which is sufficient to achieve such object. [00069] When one or more of the anticancer compound of the invention is to be administered to humans, a physician may for example, prescribe a relatively low dose at first, subsequently increasing the dose until an appropriate response is obtained. [00070] In embodiments, the effective amount for a human subject may be a single administration of a high concentration of the anticancer compound. Alternatively, the anticancer compound may be administered more frequently (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly) and/or until the patient is tested negative for cancer cells and even afterwards. [00071] The methods of treatments, anticancer compounds and compositions of the present invention may also be used in combination with other medicament(s), preferably to provide superior prophylactic and/or treatment effect associated to the combined use with other medicament(s). In addition, such combination therapy may also reduce the dose of other medicaments and reduce the side effects thereof. In embodiments, the anticancer compounds and compositions of the present invention are used in combination with one or more well-known anticancer drugs including, but not limited to, gemcitabine and capecitabine. [00072] In embodiments, the methods of treatments, anticancer compounds and compositions of the present invention are used in combination with anticancer therapies and/or anticancer vaccines (especially already approved anticancer therapies) including those particular compounds mentioned hereinbefore. [00073] In embodiments, methods of treatments in accordance with the present invention comprises concomitant administration of one or more existing therapies (e.g., anticancer agents, vaccines, etc.) as mentioned hereinbefore. As used herein, the term “concomitant” or “concomitantly” as in the phrases “administering concomitantly” or “concomitantly with” or “concomitant administration” includes administering a first compound in the presence of a second compound. A concomitant administration includes methods in which the first or second compounds are co-administered. A concomitant administration treatment method may be executed step-wise by different actors. For example, one actor may administer to a subject a first compound and as a second actor may administer to the subject a second compound. The administering steps may be executed at the same time, or nearly the same time (e.g. within 1 , 2, 5, 10, 20 or 30 minutes), or at distant times (e.g. more than 1 hour, more than 2 hours, more than 3 hours, more than 6 hours, more than 12 hours, more than 24 hours, etc.). The actor and the subject may be the same entity (e.g., a human). [00074] The dose of the concomitant drug can be appropriately selected based on the dose used clinically. The mixing ratio of the compound of the present invention and the concomitant drug can be appropriately selected according to factors such as the disease and symptom of the subject, the administration route, the kind of the concomitant drug to be used, and the like. In embodiments, the concomitant drug is a well-known anticancer drug such as gemcitabine and/or capecitabine. [00075] Those skilled in the art will recognize, or be able to ascertain, using no more than routine experimentation, numerous equivalents to the specific procedures, embodiments, claims, and examples described herein. Such equivalents are considered to be within the scope of this invention, and covered by the claims appended hereto. The invention is further illustrated by the following examples, which should not be construed as further or specifically limiting. EXAMPLES [00076] Example 1 : Inhibition of hTERT-RdRP activity [00077] (1) Production of M phase accumulation cell [00078] HeLa cells (ATCC) cultured from the previous day in a DMEM medium (Wako) supplemented with 10% inactivated bovine fetal serum (IFS), Penicillin (100 U/mL) and Streptomycin (100 μg/mL) as a general medium were seeded at 1x10 6 cells in a 10 cm dish. After culturing for 2 days, the general medium was exchanged with a general medium further supplemented with thymidine (Nacalai Tesque, final 2.5 mM), and the cells were cultured. After culturing for 24 h, the cells were washed 3 times with 10 mL of PBS (phosphate buffered saline), the medium was exchanged with the general medium, and the cells were cultured. After culturing for 6 h, the general medium was exchanged with a general medium further supplemented with Nocodazole (Sigma, final 0.1 μg/mL), and the cells were cultured. After culturing for 14 h, the cells were recovered. [00079] (2) Immunoprecipitation [00080] The recovered cells were washed with cooled PBS, 1x10 7 cells were suspended in 1 mL of Lysis buffer A (20 mM Tris-HCI (pH 7.4), 150 mM NaCI, 0.5% Nonidet™ P-40 (NP-40)). After sonication for 10 seconds, the supernatant was collected by centrifugation. To the supernatant was added 40 uL of Protein A agarose (Thermo Fisher Scientific, bed volume 20 μL), and the mixture was rotated and pre-cleared at 4°C for 30 min. After centrifugation, the supernatant was recovered, 40 μL of Protein A agarose (bed volume 20 μL) and 10 pg of anti-hTERT antibody (MBL M216-3) were added, and the mixture was rotated at 4°C for 18 h for immunoprecipitation. [00081] (3) RdRP activity measurement [00082] The immunoprecipitated beads were washed by the following method. Briefly, the beads were washed 4 times with 1 ml of Wash buffer I (1x acetate buffer (10 mM Hepes-KOH (pH 7.8), 100 mM potassium acetate, 4 mM MgCI 2 ) containing 10% glycerol, 0.1% Triton-X™ and 0.06x protease inhibitors (Roche, complete EDTA-free)) (rotated for 5 min at 4°C). Then, after washing with an AGC solution containing 2 mM CaCI 2 (1x acetate buffer containing 10% glycerol and 0.02% CHAPS), Micrococcal nuclease (MNase) (20 U/μl, Takara) (1 μl), 10x MNase reaction buffer (8 μl), H 2 O (51 μl) were added to remove the nucleic acid adhering to the beads, and the mixture was reacted at 25°C for 15 min. The beads were washed twice with an AGC solution containing 3 mM EGTA and then with a 1x acetate buffer containing 0.02% CHAPS. [00083] The composition of the RdRP reaction reagent is as shown in Table 1. [00084] Table 1 : Composition of the RdRP reaction reagent [00085] In the inhibition test, among the above-mentioned reagents, 0.07% CHAPS, HMD solution, H 2 O, and 0.4 μl of each concentration inhibitor (final concentration 0-100 μM) were added to the beads, and the beads were pre-incubated at 32°C for 30 min, then the rest of the reagent was added, and the beads were reacted at 32°C for 2 hr. [00086] After completion of the reaction, 5.4 μl of 20 mg/ml Proteinase K (Takara) and 45.4 μl of 2x Proteinase K buffer (20 mM Tris-HCI (pH 7.6), 20 mM EDTA and 1% SDS) were added, and the mixture was reacted at 37°C for 30 min. 109.2 μl of H 2 O was added, 200 μl of acid phenol-chloroform (Ambion) was added, RNA was extracted by 2 times of Phe/Chl treatment, and purified RNA was obtained by ethanol precipitation. [00087] To remove single stranded RNAs due to terminal transferase activity, the RNA sample was dissolved in 20 μl of H 2 O, RNase One™ (10 U/pl, Promega) (0.2 μl), 10 x reaction buffer (20 μl), H 2 O (159.8 μl) were added and RNase treatment was performed at 37°C for 2 h. [00088] 2.3 μl of 10% SDS was added and the treatment was performed at 37°C for 15 min, 2 μl of 20 mg/ml Proteinase K (Takara) was further added, and the treatment was performed at 37°C for 15 min, and RNA was extracted with acid phenol-chloroform (Ambion) and purified by ethanol precipitation. [00089] The purified sample was dissolved in 20 μl of H 2 O, 20 μl of 2x loading buffer (95% formamide, 20 mM EDTA and 1 % Orange G) was added, and the mixture was treated at 95°C for 10 min, rapidly cooled, electrophoresed on a 7M Urea 15% acrylamide gel. The gel was dried, developed on an X-ray film, and the intensity of the obtained signal was measured to verify the effect of the inhibitor. [00090] The results are depicted in Figure 1 . As shown, the measured IC 50 for inhibiting RdRP activity was 1.21 μM, 0.91 μM, or 1.32 μM, for compounds RK-X, RK-Y, and RK-Z, respectively. Accordingly, this experiment demonstrates a high level of inhibitory activity for compounds of Formula (I) on hTERT-RdRP. [00091] Example 2: Suppression of tumor cell proliferation [00092] Suppression of cell proliferation was tested by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)- 2,5-diphenyl-2H-tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay . [00093] Various types of cells (c.f., Table 2) were seeded on a 96-well plate (2000 cells/well), cultured overnight, the medium was replaced with a medium containing compound RK-X (0 - 50 μM), and MTT assay was performed 120 h later. The MTT assay reagent was Cell Proliferation Kit I of Roche and the test was performed according to the protocol. [00094] As shown in Figure 2, compound RK-X did dot inhibit proliferation of normal cells not expressing hTERT as compared with tumor cells, the compound only inhibiting proliferation of liver cancer cells. As reported in Table 2, compound RK-X the IC 50 of cell proliferation inhibition was about 3-18 μM, depending of the type of cell. [00095] Table 2: Suppression of tumor cell proliferation by compound RK-X [00096] Example 3: In vivo animal study [00097] Six-week-old male NOD/SCID mice (NOD/NCrCRI-Prkdc scid ) were purchased from Charles River Laboratories, Inc. Patient-derived cancer cells (MT) were established from a surgically resected hepatocellular carcinoma specimen. One million tumor cells were suspended in 200 μL of DMEM and Matrigel (1 :1), and a subcutaneous injection was performed. The incidence and size of subcutaneous tumors were recorded 3 times per week. Once tumors had reached approximately 300 mm 3 , mice were randomized into treatment groups (compound RK-X; 60mg/kg, 30mg/kg, or l Omg/kg, n = 5 in each group) or control group (vehicle; n = 5). Mice were intraperitoneally injected with vehicle or compound RK-X b.i.d. 5 days per week (from Monday to Friday) for 14 days. The experimental protocol was approved by the Kanazawa University Animal Care and Use Committee and conformed to the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals prepared by the National Academy of Sciences. [00098] The tumors removed from the mice were sonicated and then immunoprecipitated with anti-hTERT antibody, and the activity was measured according to the RdRP activity measurement protocol. The method for preparing the tumor applying for the RdRP assay was as follows. [00099] The tumor was placed in a MagNA Lyser Green Beads™ (Roche Diagnostics) tube, 500 μl of Lysis buffer A was added, and the mixture was crushed used MagNA Lyser™ instrument (Roche Diagnostics). After centrifugation, the protein concentration was measured. Each 5 mg was subjected to immunoprecipitation to activity measurement. [000100] Results of these in vivo studies are presented in Figures 3A-3D. [000101] As shown in Figure 3A, increasing doses of compound RK-X successfully reduce the site of subcutaneous tumors developed in NOD/SCID mice treated compared to the control vehicle. [000102] As shown in Figure 3B and Figure 3C, subcutaneous tumor growth curves (Fig. 3B) and subcutaneous tumor volume measurements (Fig. 3B) indicate the inhibitory effect of RK-X on hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth when treated with 30 mg/kg (P = 0.0066) or 60 mg/kg (P = 0.0073) with statistical significance (n = 5 in each group, mean ± SD, unpaired t test). [000103] The average RdRP activity of the tumor taken out from the mouse under respective test conditions is shown in Figure 3D. RdRP activities gauged by the intense of the gel image (left panel) indicate the inhibitory effect of RK-X on the activity when treated with 10mg/kg (P = 0.018), 30mg/kg (P = 0.0023) or 60mg/kg (P = 0.0036) with statistical significance (n = 5 in each group, mean ± SD, unpaired t test) (right panel). [000104] Altogether these results confirm the anticancer activity of compounds of Formula (I) and that administration of such compounds, including compound RK-X, can decrease RdRP activity in tumors. [000105] Example 4: Anchorage-independent cell growth assay [000106] The anchorage-independent cell growth of the human pancreatic cell line Panc-1 (RdRP activity-High), engineered to express the firefly luciferase reporter (Panel - luc) and Mia-Paca-2(RdRP activity-Low), were evaluated in semisolid agar in either absence or presence of compound RK-X (5 μM and 50 μM). Approximately 1800 cells ± treatment were resuspended in 150 μL of growth medium (DMEM + 10% FBS) containing 0.6% agar (Quelab, Montreal, Quebec) and seeded into wells of a 24-well plate previously layered with 250 μL of 0.6% agar. The solidified cell layerwas covered with 50 μl of DMEM ± treatment that was replaced two times a week over a 21 -day period. Phase contrast images (six fields per well) were captured using a digital video camera (Olympus™ U- CMT) and analyzed with Northern Eclipse™ v.5.0 software. To measure cell viability, at the end of the experiment, 50 μl of alamar Blue™ (Invitrogen, Burlington, Ontario) were added to each well and fluorescence readings (Ex: 530/25-nm and Em: 590/35-nm) were performed every 10 minutes for 3h. The experiment was done in triplicates. [000107] As shown in Figure 4A, Panc-1 cells exhibited high-level and robust RdRP activity. Mia-Paca-2 cells demonstrated less RdRP activity. [000108] As shown in Figure 4B, sensitivity to compound RK-X is associated with RdRP activity. More specifically, 5 μM (P<0.05) or 50 μM (P<0.001) of RK-X successfully reduced the growth of Panc-1 cells (RdRP activity-High) in anchorage-independent cell growth assay while Mia-Paca-2 cells (RdRP activity-Low) failed to demonstrate sensitivity to RK-X in 5 μM of RK-X in anchorage-independent cell growth assay. [000109] Since anchorage-independent cell growth assay results are known to be predictive of the in vivo efficacy of a drug, the presents results also support successfully in vivo reduction of growth of pancreatic cancer by compound RK-X. [000110] Headings are included herein for reference and to aid in locating certain sections. These headings are not intended to limit the scope of the concepts described therein, and these concepts may have applicability in other sections throughout the entire specification. Thus, the present invention is not intended to be limited to the embodiments shown herein but is to be accorded to the widest scope consistent with the principles and novel features disclosed herein. [000111] The singular forms “a”, “an” and “the” include corresponding plural references unless the context clearly dictates otherwise. Thus, for example, reference to "a compound" includes one or more of such compounds and reference to "the method" includes reference to equivalent steps and methods known to those of ordinary skill in the art that could be modified or substituted for the methods described herein. [000112] Unless otherwise indicated, all numbers expressing quantities of ingredients, reaction conditions, concentrations, properties, and so forth used in the specification and claims are to be understood as being modified in all instances by the term “about”. At the very least, each numerical parameter should at least be construed in light of the number of reported significant digits and by applying ordinary rounding techniques. Accordingly, unless indicated to the contrary, the numerical parameters set forth in the present specification and attached claims are approximations that may vary depending upon the properties sought to be obtained. Notwithstanding that the numerical ranges and parameters setting forth the broad scope of the embodiments are approximations, the numerical values set forth in the specific examples are reported as precisely as possible. Any numerical value, however, inherently contains certain errors resulting from variations in experiments, testing measurements, statistical analyses and such. [000113] It is understood that the examples and embodiments described herein are for illustrative purposes only and that various modifications or changes in light thereof will be suggested to persons skilled in the art and are to be included within the present invention and scope of the appended claims.