CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS The present application is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 17/334,461, filed May 28, 2021, which is pending; which claims the benefit of and priority to European patent application no. 20177685.3, filed on 1 Jun. 2020; European patent application no. 20200852.0, filed on 8 Oct. 2020; European patent application no. 20214228.7, filed on 15 Dec. 2020; and International patent application no. PCT/GB2021/050822, filed on 1 Apr. 2021, all of which are incorporated by reference herein in theft entirety. FIELD The present invention relates to an infectious disease screening system for screening for infectious diseases including, but not limited to, COVID-19 disease. The present invention more particularly relates to infectious disease screening systems for screening for viral infections using a Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) process including, but not limited to, the screening for SARS-CoV-2 viral infections. BACKGROUND Technological advancements in the medical field have improved the efficiency of diagnostic methods and devices. Testing times have reduced drastically, while ensuring reliable results. There are various testing methods to test for infections of all types. To test for viral infections, PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) is proven to be the most reliable method. As with other methods, PCR has evolved to be more time-efficient and cost-effective, while maintaining high standards of reliability. PCR is a technique that uses the two matching strands in DNA to amplify a targeted DNA sequence from just a few samples to billions of copies, which are then analyzed using Gel Electrophoresis, which separates DNA samples according to their size. Conventional Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR): A complete conventional PCR test comprises 3 or 4 steps as described below: 1. Cell Lysis and Nucleic Acid (DNA/RNA) Extraction: Once a patient sample is collected, either from the nose (nasopharyngeal swab) or the throat (oropharyngeal swab), the sample is mixed with the elution buffer. The eluted solution is then filtered to remove any large particles (hair, skin fragments etc.). The filtered solution is poured into a lysing chamber. Cell lysis is then performed to break or rupture the lipid bilayer of the cells in the sample to provide a gateway through which cell's components, including DNA/RNA, are extracted. Cell lysis is performed either chemically or electromechanically, or a combination of both. The process extracts the components and the solution is filtered to separate the nucleic acids (DNA/RNA) from other cell components. The DNA/RNA is then ready for the next step. 2. Reverse Transcription (RT): This step is only required if the nucleic acid is RNA and not DNA. The process involves introducing an enzyme, known as reverse transcriptase, to the PCR solution containing the RNA to create a complementary DNA (cDNA) sequence from the RNA at a temperature between 40-50° C. The reverse transcription step would precede any PCR related action since PCR requires DNA or cDNA. 3. Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) The principle of PCR is same regardless of the type of DNA sample. PCR requires five core ingredients to be processed: the DNA sample, primers, DNA nucleotide bases, a polymerase enzyme, and a buffer solution to ensure appropriate conditions for the reaction. The PCR involves a process of heating and cooling known as thermal cycling. The thermal cycling has three steps: Denaturation, Annealing, and Extension. Denaturation starts with heating the reaction solution to 95° C.-100° C. The high temperature is required for separation of the double-stranded DNA or cDNA into single strands. Annealing is the binding of primers to the denatured strands of sample DNA or cDNA. This process requires a temperature of 55° C.-62° C. Once the temperature is reached, it initiates the annealing stage in which the primers attach to the single strands. Once the primers are attached, the temperature is raised to around 72° C. for the polymerase to attach and extend the primers along the length of the single strand to make a new double-stranded DNA. To achieve optimal results, the thermal cycle is repeated ˜20-40 times, depending on the number of base pairs required for the test, and ensuring that the desired temperature is achieved at each stage. 4. Gel Electrophoresis After PCR has been completed, a method known as electrophoresis can be used to check the quantity and size of the DNA fragments produced. DNA is negatively charged and, to separate it by size, the PCR-processed sample is placed in an agarose gel with a current running through the gel that pulls the negatively charged DNA to the opposite end. Larger pieces of DNA encounter more resistance in the solution and therefore do not move as far as smaller segments over the same period of time. The distance the DNA fragments travel, when compared to a known sample, gives the result of the test. During solution preparation, before the gel electrophoresis step, a fluorescent dye is added in order to see the bands of DNA and based on their location the length of the DNA is known. Rapid PCR: Rapid PCR is performed using shorter thermal cycle times (20-60 seconds per cycle) than conventional PCR to reduce overall test times. Rapid PCR also uses real-time PCR, an automated rapid thermocycling process that incorporates amplification and detection in a single process inside a closed reaction vessel. This process significantly reduces the risk of contamination. Rapid PCR uses Fluorescence spectroscopy for detection simultaneously with the PCR's thermal cycles. Rapid RT-PCR incorporates another process in the overall test when testing for viruses (RNA). The additional process is the Reverse Transcription used to create cDNA from the RNA prior to the PCR process as described above. Fluorescence Spectroscopy: Fluorescence spectroscopy is used as an alternative to Gel Electrophoresis to reduce overall duration of the test. Fluorescence spectroscopy uses light to excite the electrons in molecules of certain compounds and causes them to emit light. That light is detected by a detector for fluorescence measurement which can be used for identification of molecule(s) or changes in the molecule. A global virus outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 virus (COVID-19 disease), classed as a pandemic has sky-rocketed the demand for virus test kits. The demand also requires tests to be performed more quickly than conventional tests that typically take 4-8 hours to complete, or even rapid tests that take more than 2 hours to give results. Conventional virus testing methods are usually performed for large quantities of samples and processed simultaneously. However, the long duration for each step, majorly PCR, increases wait-time for results. The rapid-PCR technique provides some lead time over the conventional PCR by reducing the thermal cycle time, shortening the overall test time to around 1-2 hours. However, even this test time is too long for useful mass rapid screening for infectious diseases, such as COVID-19. There is a need for improved systems and devices for infectious disease screening which alleviate at least some of the problems outlined herein. SUMMARY A COVID-19 disease screening system of some arrangements comprises: a sonication chamber configured to receive a biological sample to be screened for COVID-19 disease; an ultrasonic transducer which outputs ultrasonic waves in a frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz to lyse cells from the biological sample within the sonication chamber; a controller comprising: an AC driver which generates an AC drive signal at a predetermined frequency within the frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz and outputs the AC drive signal to drive the ultrasonic transducer; an active power monitor which monitors active power used by the ultrasonic transducer when the ultrasonic transducer is driven by the AC drive signal, wherein the active power monitor provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of the active power used by the ultrasonic transducer; a processor which controls the AC driver and receives the monitoring signal from the active power monitor; and a memory storing instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: A. control the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at a predetermined sweep frequency;B. calculate the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer based on the monitoring signal;C. control the AC driver to modulate the AC drive signal to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer;D. store a record in the memory of the maximum active power used by the ultrasonic transducer and the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal;E. repeat steps A-D for a predetermined number of iterations with the sweep frequency incrementing with each iteration such that, after the predetermined number of iterations has occurred, the sweep frequency has been incremented from a start sweep frequency to an end sweep frequency;F. identify from the records stored in the memory an optimum frequency for the AC drive signal which is the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal at which the maximum active power is used by the ultrasonic transducer; andG. control the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at the optimum frequency; wherein the system further comprises: a Polymerase Chain Reaction, “PCR”, apparatus which receives and amplifies DNA from lysed cells of the biological sample; and a SARS-CoV-2 virus detection apparatus which detects a presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 disease in the amplified DNA and provides an output which is indicative of whether or not the SARS-CoV-2 virus detection apparatus detects the presence of the COVID-19 disease in the amplified DNA. In some arrangements, the active power monitor comprises: a current sensor which senses a drive current of the AC drive signal driving the ultrasonic transducer, wherein the active power monitor provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of the sensed drive current. In some arrangements, the memory stores instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: repeat steps A-D with the sweep frequency being incremented from a start sweep frequency of 2800 kHz to an end sweep frequency of 3200 kHz. In some arrangements, the memory stores instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: in step G, control the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at a frequency which is shifted by between 1-10% of the optimum frequency. In some arrangements, the AC driver modulates the AC drive signal by pulse width modulation to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer. In some arrangements, the memory stores instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: control the AC driver to alternately output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at the optimum frequency for a first predetermined length of time and to not output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer for a second predetermined length of time. In some arrangements, the memory stores instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: alternately output the AC drive signal and to not output the AC drive signal according to an operating mode selected from: FirstSecondpredeterminedpredeterminedOperatinglength of timelength of timemode(seconds)(seconds)142232322412511621731841943103311231213 In some arrangements, the system further comprises: a heating apparatus incorporating: a heating recess which receives a part of the PCR apparatus; a moveable support element; a first heating element which is carried by the support element; a second heating element which is carried by the support element at a spaced apart position from the first heating element, wherein the support element is moveable between a first position in which the first heating element is positioned closer to the heating recess than the second heating element and a second position in which the second heating element is positioned closer to the heating recess than the first heating element; and a motor which is configured to move the support element cyclically between the first position and the second position. In some arrangements, the heating apparatus comprises: a temperature sensor which senses the temperature of a liquid within the PCR apparatus positioned within the heating recess, wherein the controller controls the movement of the first and second heating elements in response to the sensed temperature. In some arrangements, the controller controls the first heating element to heat a liquid within the PCR apparatus to substantially 45° C. during a reverse transcriptase process. In some arrangements, during a PCR process, the controller: controls the first heating element to heat a liquid within the PCR apparatus to substantially 55° C., controls the second heating element to heat a liquid within the PCR apparatus to substantially 95° C., and moves the support element cyclically between the first and second positions such that the first and second heating elements control the temperature of a liquid within the PCR apparatus to cycle between substantially 55° C. and substantially 95° C. In some arrangements, the system further comprises: a moveable flow path which is moveable to selectively provide a fluid flow path between a sample chamber, the sonication chamber or a PCR chamber so that at least part of the sample can be transferred successively between the sample chamber, the sonication chamber and the PCR chamber. In some arrangements, the system further comprises: a filtration arrangement which filters fluid flowing out from the moveable flow path, the filtration arrangement comprising a first filter element which is provided with pores of between 2 μm and 30 μm in diameter. In some arrangements, the filtration arrangement comprises a second filter element which is superimposed on the first filter element, the second filter element being provided with pores of between 0.1 μm and 5 μm in diameter. A COVID-19 disease screening method of some arrangements comprises: placing a biological sample to be screened for COVID-19 disease into a sonication chamber, the sonication chamber comprising an ultrasonic transducer which outputs ultrasonic waves in a frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz to lyse cells from a biological sample within the sonication chamber; generating, by an AC driver, an AC drive signal at a predetermined frequency within the frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz and outputting the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer to drive the ultrasonic transducer; monitoring, by an active power monitor, active power used by the ultrasonic transducer when the ultrasonic transducer is driven by the AC drive signal, wherein the active power monitor provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of the active power used by the ultrasonic transducer; and receiving, at a processor, the monitoring signal from the active power monitor; wherein the method further comprises: A. controlling, by the processor, the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at a predetermined sweep frequency;B. calculating, by the processor, the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer based on the monitoring signal;C. controlling, by the processor, the AC driver to modulate the AC drive signal to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer;D. storing, by the processor, a record in the memory of the maximum active power used by the ultrasonic transducer and the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal;E. repeating steps A-D for a predetermined number of iterations with the sweep frequency incrementing with each iteration such that, after the predetermined number of iterations has occurred, the sweep frequency has been incremented from a start sweep frequency to an end sweep frequency;F. identifying, by the processor, from the records stored in the memory the optimum frequency for the AC drive signal which is the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal at which the maximum active power is used by the ultrasonic transducer; andG. controlling, by the processor, the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at the optimum frequency;wherein the method further comprises: receiving and amplifying DNA from lysed cells of the biological sample at a Polymerase Chain Reaction, “PCR”, apparatus; detecting, at a SARS-CoV-2 virus detection apparatus, a presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 disease in the amplified DNA; and providing an output which is indicative of whether or not the SARS-CoV-2 virus detection apparatus detects the presence of the COVID-19 disease in the amplified DNA. In some arrangements, the method further comprises: sensing, by a current sensor, a drive current of the AC drive signal driving the ultrasonic transducer; and providing, by the active power monitor, a monitoring signal which is indicative of the sensed drive current. In some arrangements, the method further comprises: modulating, by the AC driver, the AC drive signal by pulse width modulation to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer. In some arrangements, the method further comprises: controlling the AC driver to alternately output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at the optimum frequency for a first predetermined length of time and to not output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer for a second predetermined length of time. In some arrangements, the method further comprises: controlling the AC driver to alternately output the AC drive signal and to not output the AC drive signal according to an operating mode selected from: FirstSecondpredeterminedpredeterminedOperatinglength of timelength of timemode(seconds)(seconds)142232322412511621731841943103311231213 An infectious disease screening system of some arrangements comprises: a sonication chamber configured to receive a biological sample to be screened for an infectious disease; an ultrasonic transducer which outputs ultrasonic waves in a frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz to lyse cells from the biological sample within the sonication chamber; a controller comprising: an AC driver which generates an AC drive signal at a predetermined frequency within the frequency range of approximately 2800 kHz to approximately 3200 kHz and outputs the AC drive signal to drive the ultrasonic transducer; an active power monitor which monitors active power used by the ultrasonic transducer when the ultrasonic transducer is driven by the AC drive signal, wherein the active power monitor provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of the active power used by the ultrasonic transducer; a processor which controls the AC driver and receives the monitoring signal from the active power monitor; and a memory storing instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to: A. control the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at a predetermined sweep frequency;B. calculate the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer based on the monitoring signal;C. control the AC driver to modulate the AC drive signal to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer;D. store a record in the memory of the maximum active power used by the ultrasonic transducer and the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal;E. repeat steps A-D for a predetermined number of iterations with the sweep frequency incrementing with each iteration such that, after the predetermined number of iterations has occurred, the sweep frequency has been incremented from a start sweep frequency to an end sweep frequency;F. identify from the records stored in the memory an optimum frequency for the AC drive signal which is the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal at which the maximum active power is used by the ultrasonic transducer; andG. control the AC driver to output the AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer at the optimum frequency;wherein the system further comprises: a Polymerase Chain Reaction. “PCR”, apparatus which receives and amplifies DNA from lysed cells of the biological sample; and an infectious disease detection apparatus which detects a presence of an infectious disease in the amplified DNA and provides an output which is indicative of whether or not the infectious disease detection apparatus detects the presence of an infectious disease in the amplified DNA. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS So that the present invention may be more readily understood, embodiments of the present invention will now be described, by way of example, with reference to the accompanying drawings, in which: FIG. 1 is a perspective schematic view of a system of some arrangements with an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 2 is a schematic drawing of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 3 is a schematic drawing of part of a system of some arrangements with an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 4 is a perspective schematic view of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 5 is a side view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 4 , FIG. 6 is an end view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 4 , FIG. 7 is a schematic drawing of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 8 is a cross-sectional view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 7 , FIG. 9 is a cross-sectional view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 7 , FIG. 10 is a schematic diagram of the components of a filtration arrangement of some arrangements, FIG. 11 is a schematic drawing of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 12 is schematic diagram showing a piezoelectric transducer modelled as an RLC circuit, FIG. 13 is graph of frequency versus log impedance of an RLC circuit, FIG. 14 is graph of frequency versus log impedance showing inductive and capacitive regions of operation of a piezoelectric transducer, FIG. 15 is flow diagram showing the operation of a controller of some arrangements, FIG. 16 is a perspective view of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 17 is a perspective view of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 18 is a perspective view of part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 19 is a side view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 18 , FIG. 20 is an end view of the part of the assay device shown in FIG. 18 , FIG. 21 is a cross-sectional view of part of a system of some arrangements and part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 22 is a perspective view of part of a system of some arrangements and part of an assay device of some arrangements, FIG. 23 is a side view of part of an assay device of some arrangements, and FIG. 24 is a perspective view of part of a system of some arrangements. DETAILED DESCRIPTION Aspects of the present disclosure are best understood from the following detailed description when read with the accompanying figures. It is noted that, in accordance with the standard practice in the industry, various features are not drawn to scale. In fact, the dimensions of the various features may be arbitrarily increased or reduced for clarity of discussion. The following disclosure provides many different embodiments, or examples, for implementing different features of the provided subject matter. Specific examples of components, concentrations, applications and arrangements are described below to simplify the present disclosure. These are, of course, merely examples and are not intended to be limiting. For example, the attachment of a first feature and a second feature in the description that follows may include embodiments in which the first feature and the second feature are attached in direct contact, and may also include embodiments in which additional features may be positioned between the first feature and the second feature, such that the first feature and the second feature may not be in direct contact. In addition, the present disclosure may repeat reference numerals and/or letters in the various examples. This repetition is for the purpose of simplicity and clarity and does not in itself dictate a relationship between the various embodiments and/or configurations discussed. The following disclosure describes representative arrangements or examples. Each example may be considered to be an embodiment and any reference to an “arrangement” or an “example” may be changed to “embodiment” in the present disclosure. This disclosure establishes improved aspects of a rapid result diagnostic assay system designed for point of care (POC) and/or home use for infectious disease screening, specifically SARS-COV-2 known to cause COVID-19 disease. The assay devices and systems of some arrangements are for screening any other infectious disease caused by pathogens, such as bacteria or viruses. In some arrangements, the assay devices and systems are for screening for an infectious agent or disease selected from a group including, but not limited to, influenza, coronavirus, measles, HIV, hepatitis, meningitis, tuberculosis, Epstein-Barr virus (glandular fever), yellow fever, malaria, norovirus, zika virus infection or anthrax. In some arrangements, the assay devices and systems are for screening a target sample in the form of a saliva sample, a sputum sample or a blood sample. In other arrangements, the assay devices and systems are for screening a target sample which is collected from a user by a nasopharyngeal swab or an oropharyngeal swab. The assay system of some arrangements comprises 13 main components: an assay device or pod containing various liquid chambers, a plunger column, a flow directing cog, a sonication chamber, a filtration array, a PCR fin, PCR reagents, a PCR method, a thermal cycler, an infectious disease detection apparatus, a lid, a method for reporting results, and a housing that contains all necessary parts to manipulate the pod. Referring to FIG. 1 of the accompanying drawings, a system 1 for infectious disease screening is configured for use with a removable assay device 2 which, in this arrangement, is in the form of a single-use pod. In some arrangements, the system 1 is provided separately from the assay device 2 . In other arrangements, the system 1 is provided in combination with the assay device 2 . In further arrangements, the assay device 2 is provided without the system 1 but for use with the system 1 . The system 1 comprises a housing 3 which houses the various components of the system 1 . In this arrangement, the housing 3 comprises an opening 4 which is closed by a door 5 . The door 5 is configured to move between an open position, as shown in FIG. 1 and a closed position in which the door 5 closes the opening 4 in the housing 3 . In this arrangement, the door 5 is provided with a handle 6 to facilitate opening and closing by a user. In this arrangement, the door 5 is provided to enable a user to open the system 1 to insert the assay device 2 into the system 1 , as indicated generally by arrow 7 in FIG. 1 . Other arrangements incorporate a different access means to permit a user to insert the assay device 2 into the system 1 . In this arrangement, the system 1 is a portable system. The housing 3 is compact to enable the system 1 to be carried easily and for the system 1 to be positioned unobtrusively at a convenient location, such as adjacent an entrance door of a building. The portable configuration of the system 1 of some arrangements enables the system 1 to be carried easily to a location where there is a need for infectious disease screening. In some arrangements, the system 1 is configured to be powered by a battery or another low power source of electricity so that the system 1 can be used at a remote location, without the need for mains electricity. In other arrangements, the system 1 comprises a power source input to be connected to mains electricity to power the system 1 and/or to charge a battery within the system 1 . The system 1 comprises a support platform 8 which is provided at the base of the housing 3 . The support platform 8 comprises a surface for carrying the assay device 2 . The support platform 8 comprises a plurality of guide members 9 which are located around the support platform 8 to guide the assay device 2 into a predetermined position when the assay device 2 is inserted into the system 1 . In this arrangement, the support platform 8 is provided with a central aperture 10 which is positioned beneath the assay device 2 when the assay device 2 is carried by the support platform 8 . Referring now to FIG. 2 of the accompanying drawings, the assay device 2 comprises a base 11 which, in this arrangement, comprises an enlarged lower end in order to provide stability to the assay device 2 when the assay device 2 is resting on the base 11 . The assay device 2 further comprises an assay device housing 12 which houses the internal components of the assay device 2 , which are described in more detail below. The assay device housing 12 comprises an upper end 13 which is remote from the base 11 and which is configured to be opened to provide access to within the assay device 2 . A cover 14 is movably mounted to the assay device housing 12 to at least partly cover the upper end 13 . The cover 14 comprises a central aperture 15 . The cover 14 will be described in more detail below. The assay device 2 comprises a PCR apparatus 16 which protrudes from one side of the assay device 2 . The PCR apparatus 16 will be described in more detail below. Referring now to FIG. 3 of the accompanying drawings, when the assay device 2 is inserted into the system 1 , the assay device 2 is guided into the predetermined position on the support platform 8 such that the PCR apparatus 16 is at least partly received within a heating recess of a heating apparatus 17 , which is described in detail below. The assay device 2 sits beneath a drive arrangement 18 which forms part of the system 1 . In this arrangement, the drive arrangement 18 comprises a drive element in the form of a plunger 19 which is configured to be moved by the drive arrangement 18 outwardly from the drive arrangement 18 so that a tip 20 of the plunger 19 moves through the aperture 15 in the cover 14 of the assay device 2 along the direction generally indicated by arrow 21 to engage a piston 22 within the assay device 2 . The system 1 is configured to extend and retract the plunger 19 in order to move the piston element 22 during the operation of the system 1 . The system 1 comprises a controller 23 which incorporates a computing device, such as a microprocessor, and a memory. The controller 23 is configured to control the operation of the system 1 as described below. Referring now to FIGS. 4-6 of the accompanying drawings, the assay device 2 comprises a body portion 24 which is elongate and which defines at least one internal chamber. In this arrangement, the body portion 24 has sides which are defined by eight generally planar surfaces which are arranged such that the body portion 24 has an octagonal cross-section. It is, however, to be appreciated that other arrangements incorporate a body portion having a different shape and different cross-section. In this arrangement, the body portion 24 defines a plurality of internal chambers. In this arrangement, the body portion 24 defines six internal chambers; a sample chamber 25 , a wash chamber 26 , a lysing agent chamber 27 , a liquid reagent chamber 28 , a dry reagent chamber 29 and a waste chamber 30 . The body portion 24 is also provided with a central aperture 31 . The number of chambers within the assay device can vary in different arrangements from 1 to as many as 10. In an arrangement for an SARS-CoV-2 assay, the assay device 2 comprises six chambers. One end of the body portion 24 is provided with a protrusion 32 , as shown in FIG. 5 . The protrusion 32 is provided with a plurality of apertures 33 , as shown in FIG. 6 . Each aperture 33 provides a fluid communication path with a respective one of the chambers 25 - 30 . Referring now to FIG. 7 of the accompanying drawings, the assay device 2 comprises a transfer apparatus 34 which is movably mounted to the body portion 24 . The transfer apparatus 34 comprises a plunger column 35 which defines an elongate transfer chamber 36 . In this arrangement, the plunger column 35 is an elongate and generally cylindrical column which is configured to be at least partly received within the central aperture 31 of the assay device body 24 . The plunger column 35 is the central part of the assay device 2 . It is also how the liquid contained in the assay device 2 is moved and manipulated to and from the various chambers as it goes through all the stages of preparation for PCR. The transfer chamber 36 contains a rubber plunger tip that connects to a plunger arm contained within the housing of the system 1 . Liquid is drawn into the transfer chamber 36 via negative pressure before being forced out of the transfer chamber 36 towards its destination chamber via positive pressure. The transfer apparatus 34 comprises an enlarged end 37 . In this arrangement, the enlarged end 37 is generally cylindrical and is provided with a drive formation in the form of teeth 38 which are provided at spaced apart positions around the enlarged end 37 . The teeth 38 are configured to engage a corresponding drive formation on the system 1 such that rotation of the corresponding drive formation of the system 1 rotates the transfer apparatus 34 . The movement of the transfer apparatus is controlled by a motor contained within the housing of the system 1 . The motor is a brushless DC motor, a stepper motor or any sort of electronically driven motor. Referring now to FIGS. 8 and 9 of the accompanying drawings, the transfer apparatus 34 comprises a moveable flow path 39 which is defined by internal passages within the enlarged end 37 . The moveable flow path 39 is configured to move with the transfer apparatus 34 relative to the assay device body 24 . The transfer apparatus 34 is provided with flow apertures 40 , 41 which are fluidly coupled to the moveable flow path 39 . The flow apertures 40 , 41 are positioned such that the flow apertures 40 , 41 are selectively aligned with the apertures 33 on the assay device body 24 in order to selectively fluidly couple each respective chamber 25 - 30 to the moveable flow path 39 depending on the position of the transfer apparatus 34 relative to the assay device body 24 . One of the flow apertures 40 is fluidly coupled with the transfer chamber 36 to permit fluid to flow into or out from the transfer chamber 36 when the piston 22 is moved along at least part of the length of the transfer chamber 36 due to the positive or negative pressure produced within the transfer chamber 36 as a result of the movement of the piston 22 . The transfer apparatus 34 comprises a filtration arrangement 42 which is provided within the enlarged end 37 such that fluid flowing along the moveable flow path 39 passes through the filtration arrangement 42 . In this arrangement, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises an array of filters, gaskets and microbeads designed to separate larger pollutants from the cells contained in the sample and trap the cells within a “lysing area”. Referring to FIG. 10 of the accompanying drawings, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises at least one filter element. In this arrangement, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises a first filter element 43 which is provided with pores of between 2 μm and 30 μm in diameter designed to filter out pollutants such as hair or dust. In this arrangement, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises a second filter element 44 which is superimposed on the first filter element 33 . The second filter element 44 is provided with pores of between 0.1 μm and 5 μm in diameter where the pore size is selected to be slightly smaller than the average size of the target cells so they are unable to pass through the second filter element 44 . In this arrangement, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises gaskets 45 - 47 which provide seals around the filter elements 42 , 43 . In this arrangement, a larger gasket (approximately 200 μm thick) is provided between the first and second filter elements 43 , 44 to create space between the first and second filter for the lysing area. In this arrangement, the filtration arrangement 42 comprises a plurality of beads B which are retained between the first filter element 43 and the second filter 44 . In some arrangements, the beads B are microbeads having a diameter of approximately 100 microns. In some arrangements, approximately half of the beads B are buoyant so they collect near the top of the filter arrangement 42 during sonication and the other half are designed to not be buoyant and collect near the bottom of the filter arrangement 42 . Between the two types of beads, a majority of the lysing area will be filled with microbeads that help disrupt cell membranes during sonication. Referring now to FIG. 11 of the accompanying drawings, the transfer apparatus 34 comprises a sonication chamber 48 which is positioned adjacent to the filtration arrangement 42 and which is fluidly coupled to the moveable flow path 39 . In some arrangements, the sonication chamber 48 has a volume of between 100 μl to 1000 μl. In some arrangements, the inlet to the sonication chamber 48 is positioned at a level below the outlet of the sonication chamber 48 , when the assay device 2 is standing upright, to allow liquid to flow from low to high and to let any air bubbles escape in the process. The filtration arrangement 42 is provided within the sonication chamber and an ultrasonic transducer 49 is provided at the one end of the sonication chamber 48 . In some arrangements, the filtration arrangement 42 separates the inlet area of the sonication chamber 48 from the outlet area of the sonication chamber 48 , substantially between on half or one quarter of the distance between the inlet and the outlet of the sonication chamber 48 . The ultrasonic transducer 49 is coupled electrically to the controller 23 of the system 1 when the assay device 2 is inserted into the system 1 . The ultrasonic transducer 49 is configured to be controlled by the controller 23 . The controller 23 comprises a processor configured to control at least one process of the system and a memory, the memory storing executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to provide an output to perform the at least one process. The memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to control the ultrasonic transducer 49 to oscillate at a selected frequency in order to lyse cell within the sonication chamber 48 to release nucleic acid (DNA/RNA) from the cells. In some arrangements, the ultrasonic transducer 49 is at least partly of a compound comprising lead, zirconium and titanium. The compound of the ultrasonic transducer 49 is selected to provide the ultrasonic transducer 49 with the properties for it to oscillate at a frequency of 2.8 MHz to 3.2 MHz. This frequency range is the preferred frequency range for the ultrasonic transducer 49 to produce ultrasonic waves which lyse or rupture cells. In some arrangements, the ultrasonic transducer 49 comprises a first electrode on an upper side and a second electrode on a lower side which is on the opposing side of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, the first electrode and the second electrode comprise silver, for instance in the form of silver stamp paint. In some arrangements, the capacitance between the first electrode and the second electrode is 800 pF to 1300 pF. In some arrangements, the first electrode on the upper side of the ultrasonic transducer 49 is at least partly covered with a glass coating. The glass coating minimizes or prevents possible contamination of liquid within the sonication chamber 48 by the material of the first electrode. The glass coating also minimizes or prevents erosion of the silver of the first electrode, for instance due to cavitation bubble collapse caused by ultrasonic waves travelling through liquid within the sonication chamber 48 when the system is in use. The first and second electrodes of the ultrasonic transducer 49 are connected electrically to respective first and second electrical terminals of the controller 23 . In some arrangements, the controller 23 comprises an AC driver. The AC driver generates an AC drive signal at a predetermined frequency and outputs the AC drive signal to drive the ultrasonic transducer 49 . The AC driver comprises a circuit incorporating electronic components which are connected to generate an AC drive signal from power received from a power source. In some arrangements, the AC driver comprises a H-bridge circuit. In some arrangements, the H-bridge circuit comprises four MOSFETs which are connected to convert a direct current into an alternating current at high frequency (e.g. a frequency in the range 2.8 MHz to 3.2 MHz). In some arrangements, the controller 23 comprises an active power monitor. The active power monitor comprises an electronic circuit which monitors the active power used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 when the ultrasonic transducer 49 is driven by the AC drive signal. The active power monitor provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of an active power used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, the active power monitor comprises a current sensor which senses a drive current of the AC drive signal driving the ultrasonic transducer 49 and provides a monitoring signal which is indicative of the sensed drive current. The processor of the controller 23 controls the AC driver and receives the monitoring signal from the active power monitor. In some arrangements, the controller 23 comprises a frequency controller which is implemented in the executable code stored in the memory which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform at least one function of the frequency controller. The memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to control the ultrasonic transducer 49 to oscillate at a plurality of frequencies within a predetermined sweep frequency range and to select a drive frequency for the ultrasonic transducer 49 which is between a first predetermined frequency and a second predetermined frequency for lysing cells within the sonication chamber 48 . In some arrangements, the frequency will be determined by the type of cells that are being lysed as some cells may require different frequencies due to their physical characteristics (size, shape, presence of cell wall, etc.). There is an optimum frequency or frequency range for lysing cells within the sonication chamber. The optimum frequency or frequency range will depend on at least the following four parameters; 1. Transducer Manufacturing Processes In some arrangements, the ultrasonic transducer 49 comprises a piezoelectric ceramic. The piezoelectric ceramic is manufactured by mixing compounds to make a ceramic dough and this mixing process may not be consistent throughout production. This inconsistency can give rise to a range of different resonant frequencies of the cured piezoelectric ceramic. If the resonant frequency of the piezoelectric ceramic does not correspond to the required frequency of operation, the process of lysing cells is not optimal. Even a slight offset in the resonant frequency of the piezoelectric ceramic is enough to impact the lysing process, meaning that the system will not function optimally. 2. Load on Transducer During operation, any changes in the load on the ultrasonic transducer 49 will inhibit the overall displacement of the oscillation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . To achieve optimal displacement of the oscillation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 , the drive frequency must be adjusted to enable the controller 23 to provide adequate power for maximum displacement. The types of loads that can affect the efficiency of the ultrasonic transducer 49 can include the amount of liquid on the transducer (i.e. the amount of liquid within the sonication chamber 48 ). 3. Temperature Ultrasonic oscillations of the ultrasonic transducer 49 are partially damped by its assembly in the assay device 2 . This dampening of the oscillations can cause a rise in local temperatures on and around the ultrasonic transducer 49 . An increase in temperature affects the oscillation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 due to changes in the molecular behavior of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . An increase in the temperature means more energy to the molecules of the ceramic, which temporarily affects its crystalline structure. Although the effect is reversed as the temperature reduces, a modulation in supplied frequency is required to maintain optimal oscillation. An increase in temperature also reduces the viscosity of the solution within the sonication chamber 48 , which may require an alteration to the drive frequency to optimize lysis of cells within the sonication chamber 48 . 4. Distance to Power Source The oscillation frequency of the ultrasonic transducer 49 can change depending on the wire-lengths between the ultrasonic transducer 49 and the oscillator-driver. The frequency of the electronic circuit is inversely proportional to the distance between the ultrasonic transducer 49 and the controller 23 . Although the distance parameter is primarily fixed in this arrangement, it can vary during the manufacturing process of the system 1 . Therefore, it is desirable to modify the drive frequency of the ultrasonic transducer 49 to compensate for the variations and optimize the efficiency of the system. An ultrasonic transducer 49 can be modelled as an RLC circuit in an electronic circuit, as shown in FIG. 12 . The four parameters described above may be modelled as alterations to the overall inductance, capacitance, and/or resistance of the RLC circuit, changing the resonance frequency range supplied to the transducer. As the frequency of the circuit increases to around the resonance point of the transducer, the log Impedance of the overall circuit dips to a minimum and then rises to a maximum before settling to a median range. FIG. 13 shows a generic graph explaining the change in overall impedance with increase in frequency in the RLC circuit. FIG. 14 shows how a piezoelectric transducer acts as a capacitor in a first capacitive region at frequencies below a first predetermined frequency f s and in a second capacitive region at frequencies above a second predetermined frequency f p . The piezoelectric transducer acts as an inductor in an inductive region at frequencies between the first and second predetermined frequencies f s , f p . In order to maintain optimal oscillation of the transducer and hence maximum efficiency, the current flowing through the transducer must be maintained at a frequency within the inductive region. The memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to maintain the frequency of oscillation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 within the inductive region, in order to maximize the efficiency of the lysis of cells within the sonication chamber 48 . The memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform a sweep operation in which the controller 23 drives the transducer at frequencies which track progressively across a predetermined sweep frequency range. In other words, the driver apparatus 2 drives the transducer at a plurality of different frequencies across the predetermined sweep frequency range. For instance at frequencies which increment by a predetermined frequency from one end of the sweep frequency range to the other end of the sweep frequency range. In some arrangements, as the controller 23 performs the sweep, the controller 23 monitors an Analog-to-Digital Conversion (ADC) value of an Analog-to-Digital converter which is provided within the controller 23 and coupled to the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements the ADC value is a parameter of the ADC which is proportional to the voltage across the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In other arrangements, the ADC value is a parameter of the ADC which is proportional to the current flowing through the ultrasonic transducer 49 . During the sweep operation, the controller 23 locates the inductive region of the frequency for the transducer. Once the controller 23 has identified the inductive region, the controller 23 records the ADC value and locks the drive frequency of the transducer at a frequency within the inductive region (i.e. between the first and second predetermined frequencies f s , f p ) in order to optimize the operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . When the drive frequency is locked within the inductive region, the electro-mechanical coupling factor of the transducer is maximized, thereby maximizing the operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, the controller 23 determines the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 by monitoring the current flowing through the transducer 49 . The active power is the real or true power which is dissipated by the ultrasonic transducer 49 . Ultrasonic (piezoelectric) transducer mechanical deformation is linked to the AC Voltage amplitude that is applied to it, and in order to guarantee optimal functioning and delivery of the system, the maximum deformation must be supplied to the ultrasonic transducer all the time. By Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) of the AC voltage applied to the ultrasonic transducer, the mechanical amplitude of the vibration remains the same. In some arrangements, the system actively adjusts the duty cycle of the AC voltage waveform to maximize deformation of the ultrasonic transducer in order to guarantee optimal functioning and delivery of the system. One approach involves modifying the AC voltage applied to the ultrasonic transducer via the use of a Digital to Analog Converter (DAC), The energy transmitted to the ultrasonic transducer would be reduced but so would the mechanical deformation which as a result does not produce maximum deformation. The RMS voltage applied to the ultrasonic transducer would be the same with effective Duty Cycle modulation as with Voltage modulation, but the active power transferred to the ultrasonic transducer would degrade. Indeed, given the formula below: Active Power displayed to the ultrasonic transducer being: Where φ is the shift in phase between current and voltage I rms is the root mean square Current V rms is the root mean square Voltage. When considering the first harmonic, Irms is a function of the real voltage amplitude applied to the ultrasonic transducer, as the pulse width modulation alters the duration of voltage supplied to the ultrasonic transducer, controlling Irms. In this arrangement, the memory of the controller 23 stores instructions which, when executed by the processor of the controller 23 , cause the processor to: A. control the AC driver of the controller 23 to output an AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer 49 at a predetermined sweep frequency;B. calculate the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 based on the monitoring signal;C. control the AC driver to modulate the AC drive signal to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 ;D. store a record in the memory of the maximum active power used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 and the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal;E. repeat steps A-D for a predetermined number of iterations with the sweep frequency incrementing with each iteration such that, after the predetermined number of iterations has occurred, the sweep frequency has been incremented from a start sweep frequency to an end sweep frequency;F. identify from the records stored in the memory the optimum frequency for the AC drive signal which is the sweep frequency of the AC drive signal at which a maximum active power is used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 ; andG. control the AC driver to output an AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer 49 at the optimum frequency. In some arrangements, the start sweep frequency is 2800 kHz and the end sweep frequency is 3200 kHz. In other arrangements, the start sweep frequency and the end sweep frequency are lower and upper frequencies of a frequency range within the range of 2800 kHz to 3200 kHz. In some arrangements, the processor controls the AC driver to output an AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer 49 at frequency which is shifted by between 1-10% of the optimum frequency. In these arrangements, the frequency shift is used to prolong the life of the ultrasonic transducer 49 by minimizing potential damage caused to the ultrasonic transducer 49 when the ultrasonic transducer 49 is driven continuously at the optimum drive frequency which produces maximum displacement. In some arrangements, the AC driver modulates the AC drive signal by pulse width modulation to maximize the active power being used by the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, the processor 40 controls the AC driver to alternately output an AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer 49 at the optimum frequency for a first predetermined length of time and to not output an AC drive signal to the ultrasonic transducer 49 for a second predetermined length of time. This alternate activation and deactivation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 has been found to optimize the process of lysing cells in a sample within the sonication chamber 48 . In some arrangements, in order to ensure optimal operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 , the controller 23 operates in a recursive mode. When the controller 23 operates in the recursive mode, the controller 23 runs the sweep of frequencies in steps A-D periodically during the operation of the system. In some arrangements, the AC driver of the controller 23 is configured to alternately output the AC drive signal and to not output the AC drive signal according to an operating mode. The timings of twelve operating modes of some arrangements are shown in Table 1 below. TABLE 1FirstSecondpredeterminedpredeterminedOperatinglength of timelength of timemode(seconds)(seconds)142232322412511621731841943103311231213 In some arrangements, the memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform the sweep operation to locate the inductive region each time the oscillation is started or re-started. In these arrangements, the memory of the controller 23 stores executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to lock the drive frequency at a new frequency within the inductive region each time the oscillation is started and thereby compensate for any changes in the parameters that affect the efficiency of operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, in order to ensure optimal operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 , the controller 23 operates in a recursive mode. When the controller 23 operates in the recursive mode, the controller 23 runs the sweep of frequencies periodically during the operation of the system and monitors the ADC value to determine if the ADC value is above a predetermined threshold which is indicative of optimal oscillation of the operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . In some arrangements, the controller 23 runs the sweep operation while the system is in the process of lysing cells in case the controller 23 is able to identify a possible better frequency for the ultrasonic transducer 49 which maximizes displacement of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . If the controller 23 identifies a better frequency, the controller 23 locks the drive frequency at the newly identified better frequency in order to maintain optimal operation of the ultrasonic transducer 49 . FIG. 15 shows a flow diagram of the operation of the controller 23 of some arrangements. Referring now to FIGS. 16 and 17 of the accompanying drawings, the lid 14 of the assay device 2 comprises a generally planar cover 50 which is configured to close an open end of at least the sample chamber 25 of the assay device body 24 . The lid 14 comprises side walls 51 which extend around the periphery of the cover 50 . In this arrangement, an air inlet aperture 52 is provided in one of the side walls 51 . In this arrangement, the lid 14 comprises a pivotal mounting arrangement 53 for pivotally mounting the lid 14 to the assay device body 24 . In other arrangements, the lid 14 is configured with a different movable mounting arrangement to moveably mount the lid 14 to the assay device body 24 . The lid 14 comprises a gas permeable membrane 54 which is superimposed beneath the lid member 50 around the ends of the side walls 51 . The gas permeable membrane 54 provides a substantially gas tight seal around the side walls 51 and around the central aperture 15 to prevent cross contamination or accidental spillage. In some arrangements, the gas permeable membrane 54 is a Gore-Tex™ material. In use, the air inlet aperture 52 allows air to flow into the lid 14 and for the air to flow through the gas permeable membrane 54 and into at least the sample chamber 25 within the assay device body 24 . In other arrangements, the gas permeable membrane 54 may be replaced with another one-way gas flow member, such as a valve. Referring now to FIGS. 18-20 of the accompanying drawings, the PCR apparatus 16 of the assay device 2 comprises a fin 55 which is coupled to the assay device body 24 such that the fin 55 protrudes outwardly from the assay device body 24 . The fin 55 comprises an enlarged mounting member 56 which is configured to be connected to the assay device body 24 . The mounting member 56 is provided with a first aperture 57 and a second aperture 58 which extend through to the fin 55 such that the apertures 57 , 58 are in fluid communication with a PCR chamber 59 which is defined within the fin 55 . In this arrangement, the fin 55 further comprises a plurality of internal chambers 60 in a central portion 61 which partly surrounds the PCR chamber 59 . The fin 55 is generally rectangular with angled ends 62 , 63 which converge to a point 64 , In use, after the sample passes through both the reagent chambers of the assay device 2 , it is pushed into the PCR fin 55 which contains the PCR chamber 59 . In some arrangements, the reagents selected for the PCR process are chosen in order to facilitate an extreme rRT-PCR process as well as allow for temperature monitoring via fluorescence. In some arrangements, the reagent formula consists of or comprises: 5 μM of each forward and reverse primer (6 total primers, 2 sets for detecting SARS-COV-2 and 1 set to serve as a control for a successful PCR reaction), IX LCGreen+ dye, 0.2 μM of each deoxynucleoside triphosphate (dNTP): dATP, dTTP, dGTP, dCTP, 50 mM Tris, 1.65 μM KlenTaq, 25 ng/μL BSA, 1.25 U/μL Malone Murine leukemia virus reverse transcriptase (MMLV), 7.4 mM MgCl 2 , and sulforhodamine B. Referring now to FIGS. 21 and 22 of the accompanying drawings, the fin 55 of the PCR apparatus 16 is configured to be at least partly received within the heating apparatus 17 . In this arrangement, the heating apparatus 17 comprises two generally circular planar discs 65 , 66 which are spaced apart from one another and rotatably mounted to a pivot member 67 . A heating recess 68 is defined by a part of the space between the discs 65 , 66 . In this arrangement, one of the discs 65 is a movable support element which carries a first heating element 69 and a second heating element 70 , as shown in FIG. 23 . The first and second heating elements 69 , 70 are spaced apart from one another on either side of the disc 65 . The heating apparatus 17 further comprises a motor which is configured to move the disc 65 to rotate about the pivot member 67 so that the disc 65 moves between a first position in which the first heating element 69 is positioned closer to the heating recess 68 than the second heating element 70 and a second position in which the second heating element 70 is positioned closer to the heating recess 68 than the first heating element 69 . The motor is coupled electrically to the controller 23 so that the controller 23 can control the motor to move the disc 65 cyclically between the first position and the second position. In some arrangements, the heating apparatus 17 comprises a temperature sensor which is configured to sense the temperature of a liquid within the PCR apparatus positioned within the heating recess 68 and the system is configured to control the movement of the first and second heating elements in response to the sensed temperature. Referring now to FIG. 24 of the accompanying drawings, the system 1 comprises an infectious disease detection arrangement in the form of a fluorescence detection arrangement 70 which comprises a generally planar support member 71 which is provided with an aperture 72 through which the pivot member 67 extends. The fluorescence detection arrangement comprises a first triangular portion 73 and a second triangular portion 74 and an indented portion 75 . The planar body 71 and the triangular portions 73 , 74 are positioned in the space between the discs 65 , 66 of the heating apparatus. The indented portion 75 is shaped to receive the pointed end of the fin 55 of the PCR apparatus 16 . The detection apparatus 70 is provided with a plurality of light emitters 76 along one edge of the recessed portion 75 and a plurality of photo receptors 77 along another edge of the recessed portion 75 . In this arrangement, there are four light emitters in the form of four LEDs which are each configured to transmit light at a different wavelength and there are four photo detectors 77 which are each configured to detect light at a different wavelength. However, in other arrangements, there are a different number of light emitters and photo detectors. The detection apparatus 70 is, in some arrangements, configured to detect the fluorescence emitted from the LCGreen+ and sulforhodamine B dyes to monitor PCR, melting curves and temperature changes. In some arrangements, the detection apparatus is a SARS-CoV-2 virus detection apparatus detects a presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 disease. Result Reporting In some arrangements, the system 1 comprises a display, such as an LCD monitor, on the exterior of the housing 3 . After the information from the system has been processed by the controller 23 , the result of the test will be displayed on the display. The four possible results of the assay are as follows: Positive, Negative, Inconclusive, or Invalid. In the case of a COVID-19 test, the criteria for the four results are shown in Table 2 below. TABLE 2COVIDCOVIDRNAse PGene1Gene2‘control’ResultReport+++/−2019-nCOVPositivedetectedOne of two is ++/−InconclusiveInconclusive−−+2019-nCOV notNegativedetected−−−Invalid resultInvalid SARS-COV-2 Example The operation of a system of some arrangements will now be described for a SARS-COV-2 assay. In the assay device 2 , the first chamber is the sample chamber into which a user adds a target sample to be screened. In some arrangements, the target sample is a saliva sample or a sputum sample. In other arrangements, the target sample is collected from a user by a nasopharyngeal swab or an oropharyngeal swab. In further arrangements, the target sample is a blood sample. In some arrangements, the target sample is between 1 ml to 5 ml in volume. The sample, after being collected from the patient, is placed into an elution buffer prior to being added to the sample chamber. In some arrangements, the elution buffer comprises: 1M Imidazole solution, 1M Tris, 0.5M EDTA, Milli-Q or Deionized water. The next chamber is the wash chamber. In some arrangements, the wash chamber contains an excess amount (3 ml to 5 ml) of an elution buffer as mentioned above. The wash buffer is used to wash the sample to remove any potential contaminants. The next chamber is the lysing agent chamber. In some arrangements, the lysing agent chamber contains a mixture of chemicals to assist in the cell lysing step of the assay. In some arrangements, the lysing agent comprises a formulation, including, but not limited to the following three formulations: Lysis Formula #1: 10 mM Tris0.25% IgepalCA-630150 mM NaCl Lysis Formula #2:10 mM Tris-HCl10 mM NaCl10 mM EDTA0.5% Triton-X100 Lysis Formula #3:0.1M LiCl0.1M Tris-HCl1% SDS10 mm EDTA The next chamber is the liquid reagent mixing chamber. Once the sample has been sonicated and cell lysis has occurred, the freed nucleic acid is then pushed to the liquid reagent mixing chamber via pressure from the plunger column. The liquid reagent chamber contains the liquid-stable components of the rRT-PCR reagent mixture. Example components held in this chamber are, in some arrangements: Tris, IX LCGreen Dye, free nucleotides, MgCl 2 or sulforhodamine B. The next chamber is the lyophilized reagent mixing chamber. This chamber contains a freeze-dried or lyophilized form of reagents that are not able to be stored for long periods in a liquid or hydrated state such as proteins. Example components that would be lyophilized for long-term storage in the assay device are, in some arrangements: primers, polymerases, reverse transcriptase or bovine serum albumin (BSA). The next chamber is the PCR chamber, this chamber is located external to the main section of the pod in the PCR fin. This chamber is where the final mixed PCR solution (containing the freed nucleic acid from the initial sample and all of the PCR reagents) is sent prior to the rRT-PCR process. The final chamber is the waste chamber. This chamber holds all the discarded components throughout the cycles of the assay device. For example, when the wash solution is pushed through the sonication chamber, the solution is sent directly to the waste chamber upon exiting the sonication chamber. The volume of this chamber should be at minimum the total volume of all the liquid in the pod, plus the volume of the sample added. PCR Methods The method of some arrangements performs rRT-PCR for rapid detection and confirmation of the presence of SARS-COV-2 in a sample. In order to control the heating and cooling process necessary for a RT-PCR reaction to occur, the system of some arrangements uses the heating apparatus 17 as a thermal cycler with dual heating elements that provide the necessary temperature cycles. The discs 65 , 66 of the heating apparatus 17 rotate rapidly during the extreme rRT-PCR cycling to apply different heat levels to heat the PCR chamber to the desired temperatures. Heating elements 69 a , 69 b are located on opposite sides of the disc and each occupy an area of a quarter of the surface area of the disc Each heating element 69 a , 69 b is programmed to reach a certain temperature. The first heating element 69 a heats initially to 45° C., pauses for the reverse transcriptase step, then heats to its PCR temperature of 55° C. The second heating element 69 b heats to 95° C. and is only used during the PCR step. The other two sections of the disc 65 serve as insulating areas between the heating elements 69 a , 69 b. In some arrangement, the heat cycling occurs as follows: a ramp up to 45° C. of the first heating element 69 a while the PCR chamber is exposed to an insulating section of the disc. Once the first heating element 69 a reaches 45° C., the disc 65 rotates to expose the PCR chamber to the second heating element 69 b for 2 seconds to allow the reverse transcriptase process to occur, Immediately following that, the first heating element heats to 55° C. and the PCR process begins. In some arrangements, the disc 65 begins to rapidly alternate between exposing the PCR chamber to the first and second heating elements for approximately 30-35 cycles of heating and cooling. After each rotation of the disc 65 , the temperature of the liquid in the PCR chamber is monitored using passive fluorescence detection of the sulforhodamine B dye. When the second heating element 69 b is adjacent to the PCR chamber and the temperature of the liquid within the PCR chamber reaches 95° C., the disc 65 is triggered to rotate and move first heating element 69 a adjacent to the PCR chamber. When the temperature then drops to 55° C., the disc 65 rotates back to the second heating element 69 b . This completes one cycle. Following the last PCR cycle, the first heating element 69 a is rotated adjacent to the PCR chamber and begins heating at a rate of 8° C./s to a temperature between 90° C. and 100° C. to allow for the melting analysis to be performed to confirm the presence of specific PCR products. The system 1 is capable of providing test results within 10 minutes and, in some arrangements, as little as 5 minutes or less. This is significantly faster than conventional PCR tests and it opens up the possibility for rapid testing at homes, shops, entertainment venues, as well as airports, bus and train terminals and other transport facilities. The system 1 of some arrangements is highly portable and can be carried easily to a location where testing is required. The efficient operation of the system enables the system of some arrangements to be powered by a battery, enabling the system to provide tests at virtually any location. The foregoing outlines features of several embodiments so that those of ordinary skill in the art may better understand various aspects of the present disclosure, Those of ordinary skill in the art should appreciate that they may readily use the present disclosure as a basis for designing or modifying other processes and structures for carrying out the same purposes and/or achieving the same advantages of various embodiments introduced herein. Those of ordinary skill in the art should also realize that such equivalent constructions do not depart from the spirit and scope of the present disclosure, and that they may make various changes, substitutions, and alterations herein without departing from the spirit and scope of the present disclosure. Although the subject matter has been described in language specific to structural features or methodological acts, it is to be understood that the subject matter of the appended claims is not necessarily limited to the specific features or acts described above. Rather, the specific features and acts described above are disclosed as example forms of implementing at least some of the claims. Various operations of embodiments are provided herein. The order in which some or all of the operations are described should not be construed to imply that these operations are necessarily order dependent. Alternative ordering will be appreciated having the benefit of this description. Further, it will be understood that not all operations are necessarily present in each embodiment provided herein. Also, it will be understood that not all operations are necessary in some embodiments. Moreover, “exemplary” is used herein to mean serving as an example, instance, illustration, etc., and not necessarily as advantageous. As used in this application, “or” is intended to mean an inclusive “or” rather than an exclusive “or”. In addition, “a” and “an” as used in this application and the appended claims are generally be construed to mean “one or more” unless specified otherwise or clear from context to be directed to a singular form. Also, at least one of A and B and/or the like generally means A or B or both A and B. Furthermore, to the extent that “includes”, “having”, “has”, “with”, or variants thereof are used, such terms are intended to be inclusive in a manner similar to the term “comprising”. Also, unless specified otherwise, “first,” “second,” or the like are not intended to imply a temporal aspect, a spatial aspect, an ordering, etc. Rather, such terms are merely used as identifiers, names, etc, for features, elements, items, etc. For example, a first element and a second element generally correspond to element A and element B or two different or two identical elements or the same element. Also, although the disclosure has been shown and described with respect to one or more implementations, equivalent alterations and modifications will occur to others of ordinary skill in the art based upon a reading and understanding of this specification and the annexed drawings. The disclosure comprises all such modifications and alterations and is limited only by the scope of the following claims. In particular regard to the various functions performed by the above described features (e.g., elements, resources, etc.), the terms used to describe such features are intended to correspond, unless otherwise indicated, to any features which performs the specified function of the described features (e.g., that is functionally equivalent), even though not structurally equivalent to the disclosed structure. In addition, while a particular feature of the disclosure may have been disclosed with respect to only one of several implementations, such feature may be combined with one or more other features of the other implementations as may be desired and advantageous for any given or particular application. Embodiments of the subject matter and the functional operations described herein can be implemented in digital electronic circuitry, or in computer software, firmware, or hardware, including the structures disclosed in this specification and their structural equivalents, or in combinations of one or more of them. Features of some embodiments are implemented using one or more modules of computer program instructions encoded on a computer-readable medium for execution by, or to control the operation of, a data processing apparatus or a controller. The computer-readable medium can be a manufactured product, such as hard drive in a computer system or an embedded system. The computer-readable medium can be acquired separately and later encoded with the one or more modules of computer program instructions, such as by delivery of the one or more modules of computer program instructions over a wired or wireless network. The computer-readable medium can be a machine-readable storage device, a machine-readable storage substrate, a memory device, or a combination of one or more of them. The terms “computing device” and “data processing apparatus” encompass all apparatus, devices, and machines for processing data, including by way of example a programmable processor, a computer, or multiple processors or computers. The apparatus can include, in addition to hardware, code that creates an execution environment for the computer program in question, e.g., code that constitutes processor firmware, a protocol stack, a database management system, an operating system, a runtime environment, or a combination of one or more of them. In addition, the apparatus can employ various different computing model infrastructures, such as web services, distributed computing and grid computing infrastructures. The processes and logic flows described in this specification can be performed by one or more programmable processors executing one or more computer programs to perform functions by operating on input data and generating output. As used herein, in some embodiments the term module comprises a memory and/or a processor configured to control at least one process of a system or a circuit structure. The memory storing executable instructions which, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to provide an output to perform the at least one process. Embodiments of the memory include non-transitory computer readable media. Processors suitable for the execution of a computer program include, by way of example, both general and special purpose microprocessors, and any one or more processors of any kind of digital computer. Generally, a processor will receive instructions and data from a read-only memory or a random access memory or both. The essential elements of a computer are a processor for performing instructions and one or more memory devices for storing instructions and data. Generally, a computer will also include, or be operatively coupled to receive data from or transfer data to, or both, one or more mass storage devices for storing data, e.g., magnetic, magneto-optical disks, or optical disks. However, a computer need not have such devices. Devices suitable for storing computer program instructions and data include all forms of non-volatile memory, media and memory devices, including by way of example semiconductor memory devices, e.g., EPROM (Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory), EEPROM (Electrically Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory), and flash memory devices; magnetic disks, e.g., internal hard disks or removable disks; magneto-optical disks; and CD-ROM and DVD-ROM disks. To provide for interaction with a user, some embodiments are implemented on a computer having a display device, e.g., a CRT (cathode ray tube) or LCD (liquid crystal display) monitor, for displaying information to the user and a keyboard and a pointing device, e.g., a mouse or a trackball, by which the user can provide input to the computer. Other kinds of devices can be used to provide for interaction with a user as well; for example, feedback provided to the user can be any form of sensory feedback, e.g., visual feedback, auditory feedback, or tactile feedback; and input from the user can be received in any form, including acoustic, speech, or tactile input. In the present specification “comprise” means “includes or consists of” and “comprising” means “including or consisting of”. The features disclosed in the foregoing description, or the following claims, or the accompanying drawings, expressed in their specific forms or in terms of a means for performing the disclosed function, or a method or process for attaining the disclosed result, as appropriate, may, separately, or in any combination of such features, be utilized for realizing the invention in diverse forms thereof.